We're taking a quick break, but will be back with to talk more #NBA playoffs, so keep it locked into 640.
Never too lateRT Mini twisting my #naturalhair... too late to turn back..
if the majority audience of American idol wasn't little girls, stefano would have been eliminated instead of the best female singer.
Hi, this is Jessica w/ regarding the manufacturing facility. Please contact me at Thanks!
loll i tried it to make things white as much as i can. that work jackie??
omg, I've started adding a smiley to mails where I rag on someone ... must. stop.
I'm glad you lived to tell the tale. That guy's a real animal!
we found love- rihanna
Any officers in Camden, NJ who are looking for work, Philadelphia Zoo has open positions in the Department of Public Safety....
#didyouknow? The lion used in the original MGM movie logo killed its trainer and two assistants the day after the logo was filmed.
Haha, well played! But you leave #ChickenRun out of this!
At what point is the appalling disregard of #Crew96 by Columbus media no longer mere neglect, but manifest hostility?
And congrats to honorable mentions & for
If you don't speak....I don't speak....
Thanks for the RT!
some dude is naming his daughter breeze beretta hahaha
haha music and work 24/7. How bout you
both of those are the Rice of the East and northeast
Haven't washed my hair since Sunday, definitely pulling tonight
A delayed welcome to DC!!! Though it looks like you're finding most of the great places on your own.
Byrd Polar Research Center Exhibit opens today at Thompson Library Gallery - come check it out! Celebrating 50 years of research.
Ha! Happy to oblige...
Team fortress 2 is free on steam...go get it, it's better than getting a job
Please take a moment to visit our booth if you are attending and say "Hello" to KC Smith @ booth# 232.
Rockstar is playing on AMP I miss you guys :'(
Label Whores
I've never seen that movie so im still bias...lol but BELLY'S soundtrack would probably beast that one!
I did miss it.. thanks love your show:-)
Just because ur waring a fuckin wig and lip singing the music dont mean ur a fan of nicki u have to no all about her to be a true barb
NOW: talks with about MeetUp
That's probably the only way my "Library Tycoon" videogame will ever happen--!
Way to end it Corey, but.... RT Please let Rickie's hand be okay..... :-/
Anyone who says he can see through a person is missing a lot. ~Groucho Marx
Thank you!(:
I'll never believe that statement, but I appreciate your clucking kind words.
why you so cool?!
I like Khols
Te amo gud night have to wake up early 2mm love ya :*
If it's not a hell yes, it's a hell no. - Jeanna Gabellini
What happens now? Do we animorph?
why do we need reservations made?
what is the radio station number
Just for comparison: KenPom had USC at 53 last year and has UW at 66 this year.
great demo of the new nav! So psyched for goLive! #StylusRocks let's trend!
thank you Kenn. We will definitely let you know. Thanks for the support.
thanks man, I've been working on a newer version of the site since December. Still needs some work, but hopefully ready soon.
thanks for all the love & support!
Bad Bitch Good Pussy
#FourHomerMe it was Shawn Green with the Dodgers.
bahah yea it would of been better if I put it like that!
when he was answering ?`s my internet went down then it came back when he performed his last song <3
I could see Jack being the type that tweets before/after/during sex
oh I also got tickled NON STOP today :( it was not fun!
Um, can someone please turn the wind down to 'light breeze'. Can't find the controls.
I love new skunk hair. He's lookin good.
its still in the books for me brother, we'll be okay.
RT: Walkoff homer by #Rays Allen estimated at 431 feet
": We dont sleep round HERE we take cat naps ."
Blah,blah,blah..........bored:/ just kidding just waiting:/:)
Just sayin, y'all should be used to watching playoff chokers. I'd fit right in in Oakland.
the Epic 4G(non-rooted) was used as a primary testing device in dev'in the game. Have not tested with rooted, thx 4 the heads up!
check out the #Europa Wrap up show tonight at 8pm est
when she takes the camera focus of her boobs & on her face, she really isnt that attractive.
Jinxes. RT: early entries do not help your chances, people. But I love your passion
That makes sense. Did you make the ginger/scallion sauce to go with it? i kinda wanna spread it on everything.
I just feel amazing but I don't want to go to school. Just heard a man got shot in my neighborhood. People will think worse things about us
im all shaky to
keeper is effectively a synonym for curate. The curate (noun) is a keeper. But it sounds very posh right?
What's everyone reading? I need recs.
"Our entire universe is a subtle fabric of space distorted by the presence of matter" - Isaac Asimov in Electronic Age magazine (1971)
I love that moment when literally all of your friends are busy :/
Twins give me the angries.
Not a bad idea if u want the entire world to see ur client's images & ur own work product in the
Absolutely. That was amazing!
If I am not dripping with sweat after a workout I did not push myself enough. Go big or go home
Look at that we were right something did happen today details coming soon.
Stats to live by! RT We have picked up 9 minutes of daylight since Friday and a hour and 13 min since December 21st.
Toyota is the worst baseball invention since the wave. Cant even watch 6th innings anymore
Just toured the new Minooka facility
I have a huge craving for a Schkotzky's sandwich but they no longer are in Illinois!
Where us that trick at!!!
See Recorder for free live @ Cains Ballroom. Send the word local to 72855 to win your free ticket!
They are a tribal culture much like Europe was in the 10th century. Please study their fascinating history.
I can't wait to be a mom and have an arts&crafts room :]]]
Everyone can say how beautiful the bride is but for my money, the maid of honor tonight is the most beautiful woman
yes! My wife laughed when I spotted one at night in the rain, saying how could I see her from that far. My reply: "she's pale"
Funny to hear "I Just Had Sex" playing at a major clothing store. "A woman let me put my penis inside of her" at the Gap or Walmart? Never!
following to much ppl right now OMG®
yeah it's a wee bit strange..i try to keep inspectiv's feed focused on CX related content (cont)
SHINE Medical Technologies announces it will locate new manufacturing plant in Janesville, create more than 100 jobs there by 2015.
yeah I worked at the mall for a week then transferred to uptown
next weekend #itson #itson get the patron and tell em that its on
who reports number of lanes open. Looks to me like it's not 4 lanes
love you too boo!
Any pray requests??
Happy Super Bowl XLVI SUNDAY to all my friends on Twitter!
Dads Comin Today . Goin To See Avengers .
RETWEET if you want to hear Ron Burgundy play Jazz
Stayed up doing a bunch of random stuff. Older I get the less sleep I seem to need.
Absolutely Megan! Have you heard anything about holding any events this year? #needmyBOSSfix ;-)
Breaking: #sabres commit to never winning a stanley cup by giving vote of confidence to a coach who is a proven loser.
No intelligent idea can gain general acceptance unless some stupidity is mixed in with it.--Fernando Pessoa
perfect got it -no its working
31st. And school and work :(
Ah! Stunning photo, must say!
Today is so nice. It’s like the weather is smiling, and I’m smiling back! ☺
I'm sure Mitchell knows some places!!
Joining the #artsmgtchat through :)
what r the guidelines? Hook me up! :)
i love my best friend nd ima always be there especially n this time of need...ppl dying left to right
I think by Friday you'll gather who's behind this account.........or maybe not! ;-)
I know, I'm sorry guys :( at least I get to see you both tomorrow!
If you've received a strange barrage of e-mail from us this p.m., MANY apologies. Server/tech issues beyond our control. Working on it!
We're glad you spent part of your weekend with us!
RT : R.I.P to one of the best rappers who ever Did it You will be missed tremendously!
Tell me about an alternative pls? RT but Obama's the master of playing the superficial game of 'identity politics'
Will somebody please bring me chocolate... I'll pay you.
Don't worry about a thing cause every little thing is going to be alright (:
T-RAW
Classic Southern Sunday breakfast -- banana pancakes with Steen's for breakfast. Well, it's classic at my house...
David Stern did not like that Nuggets run
Off to my day job...
anybody had a fancy tea, (like high tea) at a hotel in bmore recently? hit me up. (it's for a story).
#wow hot yoga is damn intense; but it helps relieve #sales stress.
Let's call it like it is. "Police Activity" and "Trespasser Incident" are train synonyms/euphemisms for death.
never too early for a diet coke and 'breakfast' burrito
State employee specials tomorrow!! Taco Salad, cheeseburger and fries, or chicken sandwich and fries for $6.99!!
I wish the Monday Night Football theme played everytime I woke up on a monday
nothing to do -_-
lol I feel tht hell bring him thru too!
Lyric: Hey I heard you were a wild one. Meaning: Hey I heard you're a freak in bed. Wanna fuck?
PS: I'm not exactly sure what's on the plate in your avi, but the Wu gets some representation on that new mix. :)
In Milan. The hotel is in a "gritty" part of town near the train station. Not bad, but not touristy. But the hotel is great, so that's good.
Taking crowd sources transcription a step further by asking ppl to make connections @ u.s. holocaust museum
Incidentally, also what I call my dog when he won't stop barking.
New site launching today at 1pm EST. Stay tuned.
I hope I get the native Hawaiian scholarships..
Awesome. Then un-protect it and fire up the bulldozers.
See you all tonight for our Elite party at SPiN Milwaukee! Ping pong, appetizers & cash bar, here we come!
I want to!! Gotta wait for the DVD unless I get lucky and catch it in a second string theater.
lmaooo, your right
Chili Chicks n people on the stage, the dance floor n the bar....omg what a freakin party @ renegades in wpb.
Le Bryan Nash is playing like its an AAU game.
Sounds awesome. On list now! Thanks for info
“: LETS GO CINCINNATI - TOMORROW NIGHT we are playing at BSL Sound Stage (1520 Tremont St). be there” Whos comin out??
just waking up but #therave last night though>>>>>>
Sometimes I don't mind a rainy day. I know the sun will soon come
Great lunch on the patio of Pura Vida downtown. Thanks Brandt
We gettin crazy , , , hope is ready for us!!
Anyway, the learning curve was getting step! Lol glad ur on board!
If came to Indianapolis, it would be the best night of my life.
Late at Elate - Late Night Menu - organic bottle service and cocktail list - Live DJ & Jazz musicians playing 9:30p-1:00a
Not this empty feeling again . :(
you guys never hit me up !
I'm sure they'll get right on that.
Nothing gold,can stay
"Maybe I have it & I don't know." -owner of a store when asked about tums #miscommunication. What do u have/don't & don't know it?
It's too amazing-looking NOT to copy.
lol(: I can see you and crying all day tomorrow and the concert
Need to change account name from AlysEdwards to... Need a new Twitter acct name. Any ideas? TileDiva????
ITS GAMEDAY SunTrust River City Rumble style!!! Coach Warren and the Fins host the other team in Jax at Arena at 7pm!!
Swear I Sleep Better During The Day , Then At Night !
Buying a Bank owned property ? You'll need a contractor you can trust and who knows what they're doing.Call Mr.D's or check out our web site
Nicely described...made my mouth water instantly...
Lames. Can't hang around them
Wish i was a teen in the 80s.
2011.09.13 #Brewers 2 #Rockies 1 | Nothing comes easy / but after extra innings / Braun knocks the walk-off
We have a million strategies to help you and your child stay healthy!
omg what do she have on?! SHE RATCHET!
you got it! adding that to my list :P
ok I trying to get in on some conversations..u r the only person I tweet with
“:nothing to show for these dead end dreams” You've got yourself,Your voice & your guitar. Thats all you really need to show!
#Preach!!! I just gave up 2mins ago
Can't believe the Reeg clipfest is over. What a run! And I will miss Joy Philbin almost as much! AM TV at its finest.
Hey Steve, thanks for tweeting and posting the infographic! We were surprised at some of the comparisons.
im rite next to you bae
I turn into a pumpkin at 10pm.
Watched "Drive" last night, not a whole lotta driving. Movie shoulda been called "We're Gonna Need More Bleach"
I'm overwhelmed with the blessing of a daughter. It just hit me how blessed my wife & I are. I love you babe, and can't wait till October.
Hell yeah!!
Joshua Ballentine aka 'm glad you finally settled on a twitter name!
Aced it #LikeAboss B)
well why dont guys do the same so we know ??
My father-in-law just slurred, "I never get drunk on Jack and Daniels.". Lol
RT : #RockiesTweet20 with Dexter Fowler starts in just over 2 hours. He'll be here to answer your questions at 3:15 MT!
Alan Kay: Future of conventional reading: Paine's _Common Sense_ only accessible to to 13% and declining.
In the tri-city area (VA Beach, Norfolk, Chesapeake), there are only 389 foreclosures - This represents less than 7% of total properties...
he's just so beautiful!
And we are done. Texas bound tomorrow!
The FTHB tax credit ends in less than 3 weeks. Don't let $8,000 slip away from you!
My man is sick, drank too much... o well he knows better.
RT You never really stop loving someone. You just learn to try to live without them.
All hope is lost
Ac isnt working.
If "you" don't treat yourself with kindness and respect, then why would anybody else.
Let me see... You sell twitter followers, but you only have 21 of your own?
Why did Galifianakis win a Grammy?
In the White Room with Black Curtains...
MT At NYU for Middle School colloquium w/ , Chancellor Walcott & princ
chanting "Jorts" after that dunk in Denver, CO!
#Cowboys let's go!!
I am FOILing whilest finding the antiderivative in my head and you dont even write it down!
If you're a landlord interested in trying our product for FREE in exchange for feedback on the user experience, contact us. PLEASE ReTweet!
what is it about catchers?? Martin, Posey, Cervelli, Arencibia
Whoohoo! Thanks for entering :D
LEGO has commissioned me to make a second stop motion video for them. Looking forward to it.
lucky.ive been missing out on shows lately
This past week has been extremely busy and extremely rewarding! I am proud to say I was accepted into McNair.
My outlook on life is "donuts."
"I Need a Dollar" -Aloe Black. This is how New Yorkers start their mornings.
What a beautiful Waltz from ! Why he's great? He's *actually* leading, not just doing steps. Go, DD!
Eternally cursed as an insomniac
They say money ain't everything damn right it's the only thing.
haven't seen it yet. If you say its good, then its good.
Excellent. We'll be looking for you. Cheers!
you & your mom are hillbillies. this is a house of learning doctors.
I'm only happy when it snows
*Switches to laptop*
In Music Meeting- Sleigh Bells “Tell Em” This is growing on me, I’m liking all the noise a little more
I never hit I got domed twice
so happy today thanks to you :)
okay and how is the class in general? Hard/easy??
mmhhmm ice cold beer
Need my floor mats back... Probably won't get them till Sunday lol
Adding coupons to our website
Watching "A Football Life, pt 2"
Oral sex now main cause of oral #cancer: Scientists say that 64% of cancers of the oral cavity, head, and neck in the U.S. are caused by HPV
It is 9:30. Get off my TV, #dwts. On with the
no. But I will look them up. Thanx!
I got u
Haywood need to lose his contract
or as I like to call it, "no carb week that I don't keep, so it's like every other week."
As someone who doesn't have HBO and has never seen an episode of Lena Dunham's "Girls," I've read way more about it than I should have.
well ur a funny lady I'm not driving all the way to ric then to Boston #youmustbejoking haha if u were home I'd drive
there's a food crisis in my house right now...I'm out of provolone
COUPLES NIGHT! COUPLES ENTRY 2-for-1!
Got a 100 yesterday on french test and got two 96s today. English and Math
lloyd you
How many as a fan, how many as an employee? RT : I think attending 11 brewer games this month is a high for me.
sipping that dr pepper and playing with the pen and useless shit we don't care about
Best value in town for Holiday Catering www.PatricksCatering.com
Woody Allen The best angle from which to approach any problem is the try-angle.
Assembly Democrats introduce a package of bills aimed at strengthening tenant protections.
Hey Kim, so excited you're on the call too!
I love it. Comfort food.
Looking for recently-arrived Pakistani immigrants in Pennsylvania for a story I am reporting. Please let me know if you know of anyone...
Thanks for the kind words!
Holtby played his ass off, that one goal he had no chance of getting.
Anger clouds thinking, prevents positive action, wastes time and makes us and others miserable!
<3 it. RT : On phone: "Remind me what publication you write for?" "The Boston Globe. It's a start-up newspaper."
Not fair trade. Boh's, biggest plantation in Malaysia. Tried their premium black tea. It was good, but not like yours!
Children don't grow up our body's get bigger... But our hearts get torn up...
Gnaaar... Im bored :(
haha Keith Urban(: and my wall is like that too!!! Full of one direction!
Do u know something about Gio that we don't?
Will we ever get to see your handsome face again or will your avatar forever force us to stare into the cavernous abyss?
We're doing simplified sea pennies! Crochet for beginners! Since you already know how to crochet, please join us!
follow my main boo <3
Oh god, I think Eric's here. No. You're creepy and oooolllddd
I love class with and 💗💜
Way to nice out to do this paper I'll start it later
no I haven't :)
ok, thanks guys. I figured it was BS but I haven't been in the loop the past few days.
Off to purdue with and
#Creative #stuck? Try book #Unstuck get a Creative Whack Pack or peruse Thinkertoys. Jog your brain! Bail on the computer 4 2day
will someone there look into missing digital booklets from iTunes - I am missing over 1700 and is this a class action?
small businesses for sale
Apparently "take time off the clock" means don't run an offense or play defense. What a disappointing season.
Good takes on the radio! Kinsler or Pedroia?
They'll be #GladYouCame. See what I did there? :P
One of my cousins has cute friends  me likey
Studies confirm. I don't much care for this footballess sunday.
3 wins and 1 loss in last second shots, damn good %
I AM CHEN GUANGCHENG
Planning for the Future | Edmonton Eparchy - Official Website
Listening to Nero.. and all i can say is amazing. Symphony 2808 brought me to a whole other world
im sad.....anyone wanna give me a hug?
I have a PSA opportunity for you and Chef. Please email me at if interested.
Let&#39;s Make A Deal: How Parents Can Make the Most of Their Money
Basketball after being at a concert till 2am is a bad mixture.
Like your link as well
if only there were mechanisms for chat online that actually yielded good results :p
he has a better face for pictures than I do. He's also smarter than me. I provide the humor.
Beach Bodies.
Happy New Year everyone B safe.....mo fuckaz
I'm crazy about this one boy. He's crazy about this one girl. Were crazy in love<3
If only were here!
Kat still got that fatty. Boo.
I feel like slapping this kid.
OBAMA '12. all of these people should be institutionalized.
Shout out to for putting they Purple Patna in rotation
i gotta watch #BadGirlsClub Reunion pt.2 next week
Apparently a barber for Chris Webber was not included in TNT’s production budget.
RT : Can't wait. Prepping & packing has begun! RT : #WFFConf12 starts this Sunday. Can’t wait to see you all there!
“: Any fans out there that are as addicted to golf as I am?! Yes sir!!!
thats sweet...thank you:-) Happy vday to you!
Me to:P
Somehow, hearing Silversun Pickups for the 1st time made me less "meh" about Wild Flag. Perception is an odd thing.
(... a surprising change of plans.)
Anytime my friend. I love me some WordPress.
no problem!
the fresh new look this week I Need it no Moe red hair 4 a min...summer time..
Great little video. I love your dogs. You do good work.
normally people say it back lol
Good evening.., to all!!!`
my dream house is in Miami where it's nice and warm :)
2 global centers of intensely concentrated luck
As an MBA student, it is likely that you will be presented with internship opportunities
i wanna see it ^.^
Goddamn you sexy!
2007 they woke on a bus, no memory of the past day. A spambot reunites them.
what is the one piece advice that you think is invaluable for a new band?
I'm actually hearing SOS right now, so fuck you!
No problem, Erik!
Off to Chicago tomorrow for the IHA Show on Sunday. If anyone else is going and would like to meet be sure to message me.
The smell of the beach 👍
SRY! I can't tonight what about tomorrow? Are you going home for Thanksgiving?
Contraband wins the weekend box office with 24.1 million - outperforrming expections. Beauty and the beast 3D wows with 18.5 million
Sometimes I wonder if life is a dream .
One thing I don't think I'll ever really adjust to - the intensity of Midwestern thunderstorms.
Probably so!
Thank you to for the great lunch recommendation. Pica Taco will definitely be a regular on my 14th St. rotation!
dammit, bitters, bitters! ...I need a vacation.
Jessica did amazing with aerosmith's song!
#Parents help your kids mature by letting them face disappointments...don't protect them from disappointment.
Lol, no frosting for my cake in the future :) LOL
Unbelievable. : Judge rules Charlie White unqualified for election to Secretary of State. Orders Vop Osili installed.
Thank you Riot Fest for helping me to remember how much fun a rock show can be.... That was most fun I've had at a show in years.
Im sitting at lunch by myself cause all my friends switched lunches...cool
stoned listening to
It's the Clippers. They'll keep him. RT One positive for the Clippers: no VDN next season.
Thanks for the #FF, Ryan. Hope you had a great week, and here's to having an even better weekend!
it's a big research and teaching day!
The man who wrote "Psycho" also wrote a ballet, an opera and the delicious clarinet quintet called "Souvenirs de Voyage" ... It's on now!...
Nah i mean you lol cause you were watching it XD
why is papa Gomez suffering?? Because the food is healthier ?
"Yet, under all circumstances, trusting to our Maker .. we will not despair, or despond." Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches, p120
I noticed that as well! I have no idea.
I want some mcdonalds breakfast
What do u do about it ? RT : i got the same problem
Okay here it is... What year was Spot Organics started? Hint visit our site
Brooke on Marshall: "A very great gentleman who inspired trust but did not impress me by the ability of his brain."
I'm in the shade in a garden, with two very calm and adorable guinea pigs. I need a large umbrella and lemonade.
A blog shines when the author goes beyond the common expectations and is brave to talk about everything, now matter how controversial it is.
haha we were just over that way!
25 years in and I really enjoy going to school everyday
I really like my bf. He's awesome!
I.Don't.Want.To.Go.To.School.For .The. Cat.Test. :(
Makes zero sense.
Charlotte Restaurant Week economic impact grew from $1.9M in its first year to $5.5M this past year.
oh god. Don't you just love bandwagoners?
Problems of posting mass archives online - copyright issue becomes overwhelming, stifling research
Prolly my favorite song to play on the guitar. Makes me wanna grow.
#newspaces4learning Good Point, I am more willing to share and try now that I know the Summit group a bit.
lol... gotta check those status messages in the middle of a nationwide dual-pol upgrade... they started early though
Just heard about 's DJ set @ the Shrine tonight, but the only tix left are VIP for $575. don't think I can swing that one...
I MISS PEOPLE TODAY.
Thanks for the RT !
Figuring out your done before you actually do. Weird 😳
'Twas a crime of opportunity. That yellow-eyed Booth took advantage of dereliction of duty by Mr. Lincoln's guard that evening.
I am looking for an Agent, for a New Book, possibly TV. Any thoughts?
we live here. We don't wear coats!
Follow Me ?
If your not happy LEAVE don't make my life shit for no reason.
i just redid it
Clarification - $1000 if you set the new event record,only one prize per race
that's right that's my show too lol
It would be BRILLIAM if you gave me a birthday shout out! X
mad props to the broad street run--great race made even better by the fact that there were multiple forms of pretzels in the goodie bag.
on another note, is there a plan forming for M&W skiing? sign me up!
Thank you!
touring thru NM at the end of march and thinking about chai from and mac n cheese from
I think template methods should be documented and their contents should do something, so raise seems like the best thing to do
We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
Send me good quotes! I'll reTweet the good ones :) GO!!
Pretty funny but false. He does however hold onto the ball to long even in the pro bowl.
#Urban #Meyer to Ohio State deal expected to be announced at #OSU #Duke basketball game on Tuesday!
#ff our love her energy is amazing!
Last time ;D
Me and Alyssa are so silly sometimes.
This season finale is just getting started.
Ah, so jealous you're in Coronado!
Hey kids! Never ever try to run from a vampire while running on a treadmill. He'll catch you. I'm just saying...
told me to tweet you.So yeah.& you just gained a follower so like it!(; Haha ;p
Cats lead 7-5 Bottom of the 7th. Follow for updates
oh god
This site is about Zen Buddhism, wholly distinct from Theravada Buddhism.
Fantastic #SILTweetup! All participants were great w/their photos & tweets. Almost as good as being there - almost. ;-)
any chance you'll have Trump on the podcast?
Things about ta go south ... buckle up yo seat belts... and hang on
My god does Andrew Bynum look terrific.
he is a Ferris.
I consider you a very vile person with nothing important to say. Get off my site!!!!!
that's a lie I don't use that term freely unlike yu and she is my best friend
aww miss you to boo!!
Yes, but in general also.
im kidding! I figured "welcome back" is getting over-used so I wanted to change it up a little :P I love you <3
The reason I cant follow now is cuz this phone is so SLOW... Oh My Grande xx
I'll take our liar over theirs any day RT : The head coaches in the 2011 Sugar Bowl...Oy...
#prayforkenzie trend it. She's a #babymahomie <3. Their doing a heart surgery. (': Pray For Our Lil Sis
damn still in the holy Moses Hole. Does Frank wanna move there yet?
bad time to go AWOL, hit me up!
Tim Thomas is standing on his head
r u currently in the southern hemisphere?
more bks...Man's Search for Meaning, The Upstairs Room, Boy in the Striped pajamas. Hope you enjoy! best, felice
got some hot organizational energy today.
Sweet, see you in a bit with our new daughter :) She is 12 days old today! :)
Yeah that's true, she should know what kind of daughter she has ;) and trust me. Oh yeah that's what every1 hates :P
More than 12 hours later I have deduced it must be more than just the "r" sound that makes a raven and a writing desk. Still thinking - Trog
It's hard not to stare at <3
wat happened2Id b there4u no matter wat guess it just went down the toilet w/everything else u said bout our friendship I
It's a fight alright!
I'll be at the event and can't wait to see you ladies!
he might, he's a repeat offender
I need sum of your #FOLLOWERS lol
Thanks-glad you got mellow with M.M.
Well apparently they're the most efficient offense this season so they have to be doing something right.
i just idk what to do with myself rn okay
Havent been on this in a while.
i hate recycled jokes.
Ive heard of people putting drugs in there #anus to get high. They must be trippin buttholes.
😨 Chanel is beautiful too but I never thought this day would come
Trey is amazing ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
did they ever send you copies of Tessa Masterson ?
possibly. DM me for my email address. Thanks. Adam
do you mean april 11?
adele's voice still amazes me
The day is flying by, thank god!!!!
Who else is watching Terminator Judgement Day??!!
i didn't realize there was a racine one!!! is it new? I'm doing this race in July in MN
missed you by a few hours, my dog accepts your coo rain check and table scraps
I can't believe it's gone up to over $600 million now. That's a country's GDP.
Happy Birthday to the ultimate rockstar ! Wish you all the best mama..we will celebrate when I'm back in NYC xoxo
With amd
why yes, ETSU, i will gladly accept the Edna Harrison scholarship :)
you can come play a round with me today... In Chicago.
dude just go get one...they're good! Just had two yesterday!!
#everyonehasthat1familymemberwho doesn't stop talking at family gatherings
Someone found the band reference in presentation tonight "what on earth is that name on your myspace example"
theres so many of ur fans in NY! when i try to buy a ticket there r no more! and i get so upset, i want 2 rip a head off doll
LOVE IT. LOVE IT!!!
Chris Austin and Kevin Quigley speaking
Trent's heisman run
Is Beliema's job safe if they fail to make Rose Bowl?
u think i want ed to my aunt and uncle (jacksons parewnts)drive 2 hours for fruit and bacon and pork chops
Well this has been one sketchy ass weekend
I already started on the first. I want it to be creepy ad then deep. Maybe I should try making it a chain thing
Thank you, Chris!
Sara Bareilles Pandora station today
fast hour! enjoyed everyone's insights. have a great weekend.
Money on my mind... check the Cat Scan!
Amazing experience going to Bermuda!
we're kindred spirits! :-)
Dick Cheney has heart replacement, immediately renounces Iraq war and calls for closure of Guantanamo Bay
lol well I meant zbo and OJ or Rudy and OJ. I think we will keep the core intact and fill our needs, while bringing DA back
I'm going to tea bag Johan Santana. And he's going to like it.
off to Google Buzz Hackathon this morning, tnx
Markelle Martin just recovered a fumble inside Stanford 5
Thank you for the RT! I hope your Monday is off to a great start!
Oh okay hahaha
Me and my friend just told my mom that we are gonna marry and lol
Why can't I stop watching Chopped?
Why did Kurt Cobain have to die?
I want a maxi skirt
Happy hour tweet?
I think the smell of rain has to be one of the best smells ever! 
went to the best man hunt party lol
So are you guys playing after the Nuggets game on Sunday in Denver??
One day closer to the #weekend I can smell it now!!
thank you!
Deviant Dales Firkin at Bicycle Cafe on Friday too. Just sayin'
you guys don't even follow your favorite driver?!
hey ... what kind of ink do you all use?
Measure what matters, including traffic to the VIC, web, social media, media impressions, newsroom traffic.
RT FaceTagram? InstaBook? Whatever You Call It, All Your Photo Are Belong to Facebook (for $1 Billion)!
The Sinatra song is the '50s equivalent of the '60s "Love the one you're with"
You just worked your way into our conversation....
i think your retarded...there sexy!
i'm super late on this, "The Barbarian" cut UF from his list
“: Mostly looking forward to ushering your mom down the aisle!” THAT'S IT. invitation revoked.
sorry just got off work!! Yes please on shirt. I like ideas of twitter names on back. I'll prep files for transmission to you!
Over The Limit bigger than The Rock vs. John Cena? Yeah, this guy is smoking something serious.
thank you!!! Hopefully we will be back in ATL with all the great talent doing a casting soon! We can meet then!
I want to watch Brides Maids RIGGGHHHTTT NNNOOWW!!!
To be a real man, you gotta be a real boy first."
If we were playing kickball, I'd pick you first.
Nix just faked Kaminsky out of his sneakers. Welcome to the B1G tournament
Sitting on my couch waiting...:\
it's TWO HOURS including the one for the next week and #trueconfession I listened to the whole thing
- The We-Vibe 3 is getting some great play on set today!
5 days to go before Talkbiznow.com solves the online advertising problem of placement - don't miss out!
an overwhelming experience to speak beyond grateful for the honor, and can't wait for the rest.
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there! Hope you felt loved and appreciated for all you do! Love ya Mom <3
'It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.' - Aristotle
I will agree that
Hibbert is gonna look like Patrick Ewing vs Pittman
Ready to shove some meat in my mouth
you're right. Let's get two sticks of dynamite.
Rudy Gay though he to real
Gotta take my writing test for my L
When two people really care about each other. They will always look for a way to make it work, no matter how hard it is.
i like how people that i don't even know talk shit about me on facebook. ^_^
ur so very welcome
Indeed curation is much more than aggregation.
no problem :)
Have you visited us lately? Check in at any location for special deals!
Life has been breathed into my first solo business venture today. My team and I will be taking Indy by storm! Nov 2011 launch date.
Aw shylow put my last tweet <3
ill delete it my self when i get there. HateLies<3Trust
tenor sax is awesome, listening to Clarence Clemons made me want to learn but that never came to be
we need pitching on the Mets staff, then again who doesn't?
Congrats #UTK!! We came in 4th place for best local 4-year college in the newest !
#SeacrestWins #BranchesMomSmarts : My mom always told me to pack two jackets for red carpets, always wondered why. Now I know.
For 2010, unemployment benefits are all taxable. Last year there was a $2,400 exclusion.
I wouldn't be so quick to hate on him, but I was shocked that an NFL team went that far w an obviously under-qualified man.
ROBERTO! WE MISS YOU!
Some days feel like razor blades
how u gonna tell me what i was doin? Quit tweeting me its annoying as fuck
and looking forward to riding Mt. Lemmon!
why does michael jackson have a twitter..?
Media day with , wonderful sighting, had a great show with a packed house and seeing at 8:30 Nice
Waiting on idiots proves to be a frustrating experience.
Did you receive the email?
We will give an extra big hug for you!
Safe travels my dear!
Jen Vernon-- performance opens doors to dealing w/ traumas
#Retweet - Breathing in, wishing calm, ease, and grace to all who are bracing for the storm.
In addition to our downtown dining specials, we're offering a free appetizer buffet during our happy hour!
I probably hate you because you're so similar to me.
#ABoyFriendShouldAlways send his girl good morning / night texts .
RT : hey Obama was a drug user,talk about that!!//Hey, Bush was an alcoholic and coke addict, talk about that!
Leave your mark at next Sunday's #NorthPark Festival of Arts by signing the book of art! It’s 8 ft. tall & full of artwork!...
so who is excited for the album?
just be sure to thank Claudia for her inspiring management class.
i do my speech on school about you.. I can tell my classmates how you RT me!
ok can't wait to see it!! :)) u have a date?
Come check out our Adult drop-in classes today! Today's featured classes: Move your body with Adult Salsa or Reggaeton Hip-Hop!!
Pitt’s Katz School of Business and College of Business Administration Named Among Top ‘Military Friendly’ Schools for Third Consecutive Year
Idnt even know !
summer tour m
Bucks Win! Philly loses! Knicks have back-to-back against CHI! Its all falling into place!
my cube smells of candy corns and today, that's a good thing.
Detroiters who have concerns with proposed D-DOT route & schedule changes encouraged to attend Monday 10am meeting at CAYMC 13th Floor.
ya definitely! Once the post birth craziness dies down a little just let us know when would work! Get some rest!
everyone should read this man's book! :) he is a Denmon after all!
Working on a survey & I need model language or good examples of statements about how the data will be handled/shared. Know any?
Oceanside Police: The death of former NFL star Junior Seau is being investigated as a suicide.
Digging very deep into my heart so I can write something of substance and meaning...
MELLO WILL ALWAYS MEH ,MY NUMBER #1 BROTHER SO FUCK THE HATERS LIKE REALLY
Everyone should come out next weekend to #wineinthewoods-I'll be pouring @ Legend's booth on Sat morning!
Agreed. RT: So true! RT : Hands down, the best thing about Patachou. The cinnamon toast.
good morning, have a good day (:
15th & Wells...wind...wind...go away. See ya' @ 11:30 hey.
What will MITT ROMNEY'S movie be named? It could be called TOP 501 WAYS TO GET BUSTED ON YOUTUBE OR BY THE MEDIA WITHOUT HAMBURGER HELPER.
Could this day get better....nope
Jacoby Ellsbury's Emmy dress has weird bubble things on it.
What is your favorite fully automatic direct drive turntable model? Might want to replace mine, looking for suggestions.
Every 2 mins I'm n the bathroom
Guys if March Madness ended right now I would totally win my bracket!
Whoever was talking about their "wicker subconscious". Sorry, but thank you! Explains my big brother's phone call of minutes ago.
HEY RENEE!!! Miss you!
i love when the dog is sleeping on the couch and she starts dreaming - this one is a running dream... so cute!
When will someone finally make a "Ken Burns' Baseball" - style mini-documentary comprised entirely of 's tweets?
Bout to get buck wild on thirsty Thursday!!!!!!
Just as long as you're not Asian.
#sljsummit10 e-readers are not solution to improving reading for learning unless they target struggling & new readers plus motivated readers
I've had the exact same problem with House & Dexter the past two weeks... then I ran out of new episodes. PS - Deer Hunter?
Gillibrand To Push For Federal Legislation Allowing Gay Parents To Adopt - NY1
MT : Coates stresses importance of data triage: can't keep all the data created, if data not reused must be discarded
Interesting fb survey...curious to know the type and number of museums that posted fb survey on their pages
FEAR drives this country,Just scare people and control them. Scare into war,scare to vote Your way,scare to loose jobs,buy a house.FEAR!
Amazing. Could you imagine what we could do with 16 mil?!
Shout out right back atcha!
I missed your SXSW talk Building a Digital Agency: Dream to Reality - do you have it available on Slide Share or anywhere else? thnx!
We love that Holly's grandparents have a winery in central California. Their homemade wine makes for great client holiday gifts!
Cam Newton looked good
Harden got the choppa in the beard tho
Thanks following
I've been home since 9. Its 1am and my mom just got home. Hahaha.
for the half, I think well be fine. I welcome It compared to last year!
We all have that one friend who we greet with an insult
already tried. i might have to delete it and re-install.
I'm giving my first official plug to an economically efficient way to find out where to get your drink on.
Each workout is like a brick in a building, and every time you go in there and do a half-ass workout, you're not laying a brick down.
“: Yup in my Dave from Storage Wars voice!!!LOL”
I think my new years resolution is to not make a new years resolution, so I don't let myself down by not sticking to it.
I can't believe any of this shit
Have to stop cooking today! On the way to stain a fence real quick! :) Then back on schedule to continue cooking! Hope you have a great day!
Grades are posted!!
then get me Gingerbread for my Droid X
oh my GaGa! whatever
you should know by now! Been like 800 days! Lol. Please let me know if u are Beth frazho with five brothers. Hope you get this!
I am being attacked everyday by some mental patient whom have convinced themselves there are no consquences in their actions
Have no fear, #Brewers baseball is here. And soon you'll have me to admire standing outside of Miller Park.
Commission discusses Assemly districts for No Cal
This is great. And: What's with the little scratch of the chin gesture Gov. Romney is doing? What does that mean?
#iphone4s is exploding all over my twitter - but I still can't figure out WHEN I can get one.
Hey locklanders... Who wants to take me tithe DMV tomorrow? (:
stunning dress on redcarpet love the pin up!
Dood! Shit mane I work Sunday nights and I'm not out til 2am or I would for sure be there homie
Hey , cap quickly before Ireland does.
Great #RedEye this AM- w/ & too fun/funny!Lv watching-but darn it's early or is it late?
congrats JP, big end of year wins for you guys
Hey twitter!!! Can i plz have more followers! I follow back! :)
Crime Stoppers is temporarily unable to reply to DM due to the recent hack. I will respond later this evening. The account should now be OK.
Ditto. I loved the belly dance show! :-(
Philly Sports: The Juice: Dodgers beat D-backs in brushback battle, Matt Kemp goes on DL (Big League Stew)
Congrats to Kevin Stephens for winning our Holiday Gift Certificate Contest & a $100 EOI Gift Certificate! Thanks to all who entered!
you just ratted me out Jessica about getting the writing center date wrong, didn't you?
Thx for letting me know about !
TONIGHT!!! Women's Soccer vs. Marquette Game Time: 7:00pm @ Valley Field
So many more blog post to build and put up. Shoots people have never seen, video too.
While in the airport I've realized: 1) There are more ppl than you think w/ missing limbs 2)AA's delay to "fix" a seat is extremely long
#wastinglight is awesome! Fav songs are Rope, Alandria, and I Should've Known.
Who are the #Dolphins picking up? Another quarterback?
pretty color! =)
ooh new project for myself when I get back home, make some rainbow cut off shorts
Hey out would probably love the man's version of
You got it and happy holidays to you from the KOKO Dennis Show!
The NEW ORLEANS TAINTS
. praying for ya brother
I'm about to call OJ.
My husband just finished his 2nd degree in nursing! I'm so proud of him. It hasn't been easy when you throw the birth of twins in the mix!
King Of The Hill is simply amazing!
morning wood.
The keys are great and very laid back dep on which island. Orlando is great for the parks and you are only 1 hour from the beaches.
Now playing #YoungHomie by on
thanks bud, gettin to have a college experience i shouldve always had. see you this summer?
follow me please :-) <3
You'll dress soon!
don't do it alisha
Thomas Carlyle A good general not only sees the way to victory; he also knows when victory is impossible
One way or the other ARod should be trending in 3...2...1...
8 hour birthing class today. Chair is killing me. Can only imagine how my wife feels. Ughh
God morning! 'Bout to make some coffee. Why are you up so early?
Just heard We Won't Give Up on , what and awesome song! #Rockin about
So... I've been typing a paper for an hour i have I have 2 of 6 paragraphs done.... it's due Friday.... I get distracted easily....
I'd have a million favorites
6/11 10:45 PM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: David Baker
I live in NYC!!
Their study will be sponsored by The World Bank. Their certificate course will include English language study.
Missing the celtics play<
Glad you're on the follow. Rock out this week!
lol @ your last tweet
Who hasn't done something to try to get more in life -- taking up art, doing yoga, losing weight -- and found it lacking?
hey, I already have a sore elbow - I'll fit right in! LOL
New Hampshire: House panel weighs allowing liquor sales at grocery stores. Via NHBR
90% of all people have no patience for this anymore.... What is it....
I dont get ur tweets sent to my phone O_O
Thank you Mr Wickus! :) x
O how unbecoming... and thanks
didn't previously associate with "man fresheners" and old spice, but twitter keeps telling me DTW follows them!
thank you love
I just finished #1q84 last night. Thanks for writing an amazing book. Were you a fan of Darby O'Gill and the Little People?
If sex with 3 people is called a threesome, and sex with 2 people is called a twosome, now I understand why they call you handsome. lmfaoooo
don't really wanna do it this year....but idk what else i do and you'll bother me if i don't...so i guess i have to do it.
might give cjh a shot again. Just want value, don't feel like they offer much. Why I'm following fewer and fewer "personalities"
So, there aren't many residential houses in Chinatown, but here's one that was renovated from commercial space. Amazingly awesome....
You have won me over. When I am nice, they smile and say my thoughts are great and then walk away. No more mr nice guy
Will you please please please only play the Pogues and Sin City Disciples at my funeral? Thanks, Dude.
In every girl’s life, there are 3 guys. One she loves, one she hates, & the one she can’t get enough of… & in the end, it’s the same guy.
Tornadoes: Hope my family is safe in Dallas.
�SEO is by nature a cross-functional exercise
I think scot mcnight's One.Life is one of the best out there for college kids (or soon to be)
Busy week of recruiting in Florida at AAU National tournament then back to KY in prep for 2011 preseason. Canada, Cats and Vegas + HCAC
FUCK WHAT THEY CLAIM IM IN HERE TO GET PAID YA CHICKS NEAR SHE SWITCH GEARS SHE RIDE ME NO SEGWAY
Oops, there was an extraneous "I" in my last post. I don't smoke.
hanging with my fleshies this weekend should have been in florida ...sucks
Walked into to buy a bottle of wine and discovered a 50+ bottle wine tasting
#Mavs-#Heat, again ... dumbest basketball fans in the country on both sides.
“: Nobody ever wants to go out anymore.. My summer WILL be good. Playing in the sun is my thing. #cantwait” me and you girl ;)
Another death has hit our family, my Uncle Charles Smith passed last night.
#dreamitphl11 you guys rocked it, as a landlord in queens i will deft use you guys!
I'll email you tomorrow. Delivery to Gilbert?
You bet.
trade markes snack tables.
thanks for the follow and support Alison keep on spicing it up check out
Are you at the game??
Oh my God it's the bass man. Man, I love the bass. Gotta have the bass. STFU
Only for a little while. Then they are booted out of office. Voters are smart that way.
No kidding! From Content Marketing Strategist to Agh County official might just be on my career ladder. Thanks for the post!
That big #MegaMillions jackpot has given many a serious exericse in #trust especially when it comes to #office and
Omg and Britany and Cheyenne and Dan are so pretty😭
Why are they British? Why?
I mean, would it have killed them to write some things down for posterity?
good ain't good enough.
here section 126
Woo the A's are rolling in! Deans list here I come haha
Are you ready for Winter? Me neither. Let's go #RedSox!!!!!
Get ready! #SCOPENewYork VIP gift bags will be stuffed with goodies from amazing sponsors like
<3333 see y'all tomorrow!!
happy oscar sunday...come on in and shop for some glamorous party finds, our doors are open till 5 xo
I scream at the TV during House Hunters when they are in Chicago as much as I do when I watch sports. WHERE DO THEY FIND THESE DUMBDUMBS?
TWITTER PARTY! EVERYBODY DANCE NOW!! ♫♪
Good morning! Andaluz will open from 11am to 9pm today! We are still getting more fab new merchandise!
Looking forward to the Whitefield book!
No officer, my speech is not slurred. I am just speaking in cursive.
while shopping for final preparation for Christmas Eve Dinner, 3 different strangers thanked my father for his service to our country- :)
Alright! It's the end of the day, and it's time to announce a winner for and 's $150 gift card contest!
Writing a spring organizing article for parents.
U fuck wit me ? I fuck wit you too ! Oh ....so its fuck me ? Fuck you too !
our nurses, pharmd, etc do but not as much as physicians.
So many interesting people out in the world! Following people on Twitter and just feeling lucky to live in this age.
Very excited to bring two more characters into the 1st person. I can already hear their voices in my head, just waiting to come out.
Who doesn't love PANCAKES?!
:) I definitely couldn't afford to go without him. But it'll double as a 'summer vacation'
Short selling stocks is an art form. Market could bounce. Most stocks have greater losses than the indexes which are easy to control
whoa, that's not very many at all; props!
I agree the matches were great, the main event was just weird and sting is badass champion.
what drugs did they overdose with?
A year ago, I'd have relished putting kids to bed and settling in for late-night #twins game. This year, Z.
we only have our one song up don't take too long, its a mellow blended song.
Aw! Yay! Sorry I haven't been keeping up on my blogs like I used to. LOL.
Near empty room for
The fact that life has no meaning is a reason to live - moreover, the only one. E. M. Cioran
I think Moom could qualify for the best $5 I've ever spent on software.
RT That was biblical!!
listening to best coast i hope this makes me feel better i wish i had a better dad -_-
What did you eat?
so far, 3 or 4 claims out of maybe 15?
Thank you to my new followers
I always think driving faster will somehow get me to the gas station before I run out of gas. Never works.
"would you ever date a fan?" One Direction "yes" Me: WORDS WILL BE JUST WORDS TILL YOU BRING THEM TO LIFE.
08/16/2011 - Networking/Business Development Committee Speaker: Victor Varma, InsureUs Topic: Networking Like a Pro
Yes! well put.
Thanks ! Amazing deals with week. I only spent $17.20 on $47.78 worth of household items!
A dog may be man's best friend, but the horse wrote history.
and you can count on me! <3
Wake up mane Im bout to go to the branch and request 100 check copies!!
and when Will I see ya!?
Beauty Tip: Winter dries your skin like crazy -- moisturize every day!
RIP Junior
& have the ideal relationship. Through thick and thin, they've stayed together.
he picked miami?
Thanks for the RT :)
RT : You know you really disenjoyed a book when, days after finishing it, you wake up glad you don't have to read it any more.
fuck it gonna get tatted up
RT morning, though its evening already here hehe :) ": Goodmorning :)"
Use the force wisely.
oh wow lol
The time has come for my 3 hour workout. Time to crack up the music and get mean on the weights.
Sadly yes.
Oops, that tweet was supposed to be
Brand New Site at www.theaterconnects.com TODAY! It's the roughest possible form, but please visit, create your profile and submit feedback!
"If u r sincerely sorry, u shouldn't expect an apology in return." But we all know isn't sincere.
what up
$2 Tuesday!! come in and meet our newest family member Steph..
for no reason though
Audition: New Horizon Theater, Inc (Pittsburgh, Pa) presents I Gotcha! Joe Tex and the Soul Clan! Details follow...
I wish I had a $1000 shopping spree to so I could buy every dress!
I have to go watch the dictator movie and the what to expect idk whatever movie lol
not really. I'm going with Maggie. Why?
awesome! now go to walmart and get ID'd for spray paint, and the collection will be complete. :)
I see u lil homie. On ya grind, that's what's up. #504 Love
Front porch slight breeze good conversation kind of night.
So what does everyone think about Joran Van Der Sloot's 28 year sentence?
If I can't meet Justin this summer & go to his concert then I wanna meet Colton when he goes on the Idol tour... <33
exactly and the better you feel and the less you worry the more girls come to you trynna get at you its weird af lolz
Interacting with Google! #do a barrel roll (it worked on my i-phone too :)
#AllRelationshipsNeed a sense of humor from both people
Hanging out with elizabeth ! :D
Up watchin movies .
hey brooke!
absolutely. do you have any work samples?
Sure will!!!!
I dont understand why people r critical of Larry Brown getting job at SMU. Who would you of hired instead? Is my question of the day....
nice!!! It's gonna be a nice day man
Oh: I'm really not concerned about what you think or say.
It's my birthday:D
Need address 2 send...REAL BUSINESS REAL PEOPLE REAL VIBES...
lol! #awkward! :S
Yes! Why is she not much more well-known?
And this is how I know what's going on.... I'm so ready to get to the beach and forget the world
My new commercial agents, Niche & Greta at Bicoastal, are totally understanding that I'm vegan & don't want to support McDonalds.
Cool whos your favorite wrestler.
I suppose your right, you betta invite me.
Badgers back to back Sweet 16's for 1st time in school history, Marquette back to back Sweet 16's for 1st time since 1977
I <3 that hubby is working for Subaru on route 4 now. He is so close to my school. We were able to have lunch today and spend time together.
at least one friend :-)
so excited to be working with you!
He that takes medicine and neglects diet wastes the skills of the physician. ~Chinese proverb
just realized I don't even know your name haha. What is it ?
Sitting on the couch with the windows open counts as going outside, right?
You did, I'm glad you made it out to see it! It was far from perfect, but I learned a lot and set a baseline to grow from
“: lol ok I'll be there Saturday for brew city idk if you planned on goin” if she not going she's LOSING!
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes
TUESDAY Special!!! 14" Pie for only $8.99!! All Day, Every Tuesday
:O hahahah “: Harry Styles (From One Direction) was born with 4 nipples.”
Dave&#39;s Pro Collision in Beecher, Illinois Adds U-Haul Rentals
Dmv in Henderson is not very busy so if u need to renew a drivers license or apply for one I would get down here.
I don't know...
Can anyone confirm whether #VMware SRM5 is compatible with vCenter Server 5.0 Foundation Edition?
i would be very surprised if both or even one cleared waivers. (White-Kennedy)
We're very thrilled that will be providing an outlet for our future vendors (kids 5+) at the DIY Trunk Show.
Oh my word yes so much fun! So young at heart miss her everyday but more during ball season
i get 's tweets on my phone because she's halarious and i have a twatter crush on her. yeah i'm a creep. So wut
RT : We need to set our own boundaries but we also need to respect other's boundaries as well.
I'll do watever I can to make it stop and to make you happy!!
Just bought Fight Club the book and A Clockwork Orange on dvd :)
Too much fun last night hanging out w/ at Tower Bar in LA. In town for #THOR premiere monday, game comes out 5/3.
we haven't decided yet.
#JobsDrakeHadBeforeBecomingARapper DEGRASSI BITCH!
Relationships are not a test, so there is no need to cheat.
EAT, DRINK & BE MERRY TONIGHT | 8PM - 10PM | Acoustic show |
Jessikah Needs a new boyfriend.. I kindah hate being single.... ):
thank you ! you are too <3
</inside joke> MT : u are a doll. i sure am! tagging -- he deserves some laura love 2. BRILLIANT.
- Wolf needs some drones in Canada. Save the WOLFPACK
I thought it would be Panda-like Indian but it's pretty authentic. I think someone was trying to be cleaver.
Stuck in Minneapolis, MN for the night. All flights are full, All Day! Not such a bad city to be stuck in. Gonna head to Mall of America!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
lol. Yeah, focus on school! :)
Anyone wanna pracc on US while EU is down?
big DAY
Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play. - Heraclitus
idk you and your gf are just soo cute and it just makes me chuckle...
Good for you!
#JKB AMAZING....my mom and I are gonna be like you and Melissa someday!!
is one of my many idols <3
lol I love your bio too!❤ stay classy, never trashy!
Sky with the great question, FTW.
Inception takes its FOURTH Academy Award for
why don't you go to sleep?
Ok good its starting to rain
Working on trying #MeatlessMonday. Omelet for breakfast, veggie burger for lunch, and salad for dinner, most likely.
oh shit, *leaps off edge of seat*
they should trade Jefferson for a legit PG or SF
Celebrating Earthday by using 50% less electricity.
I just checked in at Hog Island (785 Starr Street, Phoenixville) on Best cheesesteak around... no kidding
- you take sum meds ???
haha. Yeah. I've heard better. Keep up the great work!
They do? That's cool. You should take a pic of your Shih-Tzu I'd love to see it! I'm sure as it grows it will get smarter. :)
is back! One of my favorite voices EVER. Yay !
#iReallyHateWhen people can't #StopBraggingAbout how good Fred West tuna is!
what about you
America's most wanted vs march madness...tough
If she ever needs recommendations for similar books, I have plenty.
not at all. I loved it. dragged a bit in the middle but I thought it was really enjoyable to read
Is that a fat joke...
good one for sure maybe u can join me and Kevin Werner in our ritual Thursday onion texting of best headlines
One down, 13 to go.
Happy Holidays to all of our FaceBook family...............
got msg from "Twittersupport" says my acct frozen for violation of terms o svc. But can fix by checking out their ipad offer
ypo I have a craving for ice cream
#laarson dude, please don't mess with my street. I've got a bad case of insomnia and a Louisville slugger
My 7yo daughter's favorite movie is Despicable Me, so we're watching it again tonight. Not sure if I should thank you or cry...
i say Gunns will win that match. he'll use his bald head to blind SpiderBite xD
Weekend hours: We're open today until 6PM and tomorrow from noon til 5PM. Come see us! www.creambeauty.com.
oh cool thank u so much
At Common Grounds!
No it isn't. You can't see crap there. Horrible sightlines.
Fish farming in a high-rise world - BBC News
Thanks! I will definitely do that :)
How's the moving going ? Are you ready for conversations every day at work?
hiring crew (all positions) for directed by submit resumes to
how about a better error page next time?
Craziness in the NFL today!
Went this morning for the #hungergames premiere and it was amazing <3
Jose Canseco is the first member of the 40/40/140 club. Power. Speed. Tweets.
You should definitely come hang out at CfA.
Sending all our best wishes your way. Still amazed by your typing abilities.
literally or figuratively? Lawlz
Tonight. 8pm. Open Fist Theatre. stars in the newly-extended DEAR JOHN MAYER. Last 4 shows!!
Congrats to ! Their production of 1776 is their highest grossing production since the theatre reopened in '68.
lol! Omg, I can't watch that show , even with me on it, it sucked!! Lol
it's no official yet but yes same band members different band name.
RT : Anyone have a 'scope and a signal generator they want to donate to ? Audio projects here we (would) come!
": I found a butterfly on the ground with no wings. So I poured some redbull on it and BAM...... it drowned e__e"
our new background looks quite Laker-licious
It's official: our next LA show will be at Largo on May 8 @ 8pm! Tix info soon. Pen it into your calendars, Moms. iPhones, everyone else.
warm up some butter just enough to melt it and pour it around your finger.
AND 1 more...
Thank you I'm very excited about it!
Bought Lily little white gloves for Easter service. So cute.
Bogans is on fire....
I just relized my parents werent home. And ive been home for half an hour
U lucky I like u
few more minutes till
Please make sure to mention us on Fridays during #FF trend.
I'm gonna need you to tell me if you have anything to do with the quacking cat.
RT : Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be. -John Wooden
Thanks for the follow!
juicy j came out too and they did their song then he did some 3 6
People who say they don't need other people are usually the loneliest people, and they hate to admit it.
You're welcome
So #Paul is about an alien voiced by Seth Rogen? Thats like having #E.T. voiced by Michael J. Fox.
hush you got school tomorrow
Also I just got to see , and FINALLY meet spike...who should really have his own twitter account. <3
pretty much
im sorry i ever loved you.
7 hours 45 min from runk to my front door in Nashville. If I leave at 8 am CST I think I can get there by dinner ...
just wondering! ;' Haha!
Check us out at Facebook
Loyalty without question is not loyalty it's STUPIDITY
My mind is my worst enemy.
RT : Recent 3 part interview founder Kolonji Murray did with Ex. Dir. Eli Gordon...
NBA should go back to best-of-5 in 1st round. That might make tomorrow's Bulls-Sixers tilt, you know, compelling.
lol hell yeah! I love it here! So beautiful!
Happy birthday native americans! Thanks for inviting the founding fathers to shoot off fireworks with you.
We're happy to have participated in the #DC #NationalNightOut with
Thanks, Adam!
Took the dog out for a walk, watched car pull out from behind mine, proceeded to slam into the next car up the block.
Silly kid, I don't drive a luxury vehicle by "choice". U on the other hand got a 2009 BMW and in a apartment with a roommate.
Listening to music :)
love the way you learn while you film!
Some people like to make of life an infield, and to walk only within its paths. RT Jack Cust Walks To The Yankees
What does it mean when you say two bagger?
Just realized I got a Gilt credit from you!! Love you!
aye bro
although you make a good point, who could forget Real Genius?
Austin City Limits Show turned me into a fan. "Evolution" tune brings back memories of my hard rock chick singing days....
This is how God showed His love among us He sent His one and only Son into the world that we might live through Him.
Follow our lovely script supervisor
Poker players heaven!! All you need to have your own game! www.eproducts4less.biz
People who hate you when they don't even know you
That's so raven
Seriously, the Modular Mates Super Set are ON SALE for half off only until January 13th. This is a must have for every kitchen.
- this doesnt just apply to toddlers ;)
Saul rhymes wid Raul so don't gdt mad if I call you Raul :D
because the CHL plays the NHL style. Leaving Europe to play in the CHL can only benefit the European player, no?
Thanks so much for the RT !
Idk what to get right now...
Ready to leave.
My fave pi-related post so far RT If 3.14159265358979323846264338327950288419716 is typed on iPad, does that make it an Apple pi?
hey hey!!!
: Happy New Year, 2010 better be good!
You got me lifted shifted higher than the cieling andd oh wee uts the ultimate feelingg :)
Thanks for the follow guys! Aimee, would Kip's or The Depot want to be featured?
I've been walking Matagorda bay, thinking about you the whole day.
I'm an animal lover, can't say the same for the K girls though. (I refuse to type their name and give them more hits).
He still wears UA cleats, they could probably resign him if they wanted too.
Another one gone.....goodnight
thank you(:
Trick a blind lady into walking into a closed door?
NWST: Did the #Seahawks talk to #RGIII @ the combine? hear from the Heiman Winner himself w/ tonight. 930 / 11pm KONG
where's your facebook?
How do you make a housing biz plan without #fannie and #freddie. Wharton prof asks
RT Happy Birthday S/O to gonna have to do something crazy during the 5 or 10 tonight for him
So im watchin NOT ANOTHER TEEN MOVIE this movie funny but this movie so stupid thoo lol
-I love so hard you think I'm stupid, but it's a fight I don't mind losin-
This man's moustache and beard are yellow in the middle. I think we are going to get along.
YEAH! RT If there's a roller derby league in your city, you should totally go see it live. Unless you hate things that are awesome.
Ah, thanks
That awkward moment when you see two guys sharing the same stick of deodorant in the Thortons gas station parking lot
Going to grocery store then coming over!
Why do people insist on pronouncing his name "reim-hold." There's no h & if anyone is "holding" him, it's me
guys don't care about that though >.<
great hanging with u! Keep in touch :) “: Wow... another amazing ! Always such a great experience!”
left 4 work early 2 actually buy her roses bt when she called me and pissed me off burned them & threw them n the garbage gotta love my mom
hell no, that dude was ugly!
I guess its church tonight
haha ya!! Haha I hope he saw that tweet!!
i feel the same way it's boring
dm'd you the digits fam
I thought Kourtney was Just Leave me alone And I told my dad and he said to un-follow u and delete u on Gmail :( So sorry
He who laughs last didnt get it.
...not realizing it was dawn until the side doors of the Fillmore were opened and the morning light poured in.
I just feel like they're missing one more.. =P
i know it's getting so close!!!!!!
View Top Choices a Second Time Before Buying That First Home
heck yeah!
Just started working more actively with Twitter - like tweetcaster app for Android
thank you <3 (:
The most important step you can take to attain good health is to cleanse your body of all the impurities
HAHA! That would've been more acceptable...I would've assumed costume party. No...spread out. And scary...
Get your seats while you can. These specials look amazing!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet i'd have to say it'd be.... nicki minaj. i love her more than anything.
yep I'd bring in Johnson and Micah and keep Jones. Downing should be as far from squad as possible. Forwards a worry too.
Follow . Follow. Because Justin Bieber is awesome and this page supports him ok ;) <3
I won't be working at red lobster much longer..
Just followed thanks for the heads up! Glad you like my name on here too.. that was kind of the idea :)
Thanks for the RT!
wait... Are you the one wearing the go radio shirt?? Cause I'm the one in the red awkwardly staring at you...
Aug 12. Tweet You called it 12-4 on way to Dallas. Go Ravens. Thank you Madam Mayor.
That nap was good :D
Thanks! You've summed up my feelings also, haha. I live right outside the city but work on Cap Hill.
Absolutely! It looks amazing, but its not like you need any makeup. You are already great looking.
how about Thursday 12/22 for lunch. I have some news!
How ridiculous is it when people don't look like their names? Gah.
Having fun at the #SanDiegoAutoSho Love the #car2gosandiego setup. Car-sharing is my new second car! Check it out!
I'm thinking about getting this loft
hahaha I'm sick so I'm jus chillin and ion care cause I got da Macy's job so she can fire me if she want
first 48, 1st 48.. they be goin' ballistic in the white room
We're everywhere. ;)
quit bein a bitch! Tell him u got shoes down here. FREE SHOES
Standing the bathroom of the Boy Scout Museum seeking shelter from tornadoes.
Some good albums for cheap RT
that sounds horrible
Happy Birthday pretty lady!
At How to Succeed in Business -AHS. My babies are all grown up!
Headed west Oct 4, landing in Carmel Valley. Don't know if we'll end up in LA, but it's likely. Avocados here we come
Naturalization papers: Filed! (well, lawyer fee paid... he'll file them tomorrow when the government is open for business.)
Carrie underwoods new cd is great!
Thanks for including us in your newsletter.
I think my #wife #perfect for me becuz? She's a tomboy but she #sexy she's girlie at times but shes not #sweet or
This sweater looks good on you. Ditch the stripes and that color. It wasn't flattering.
Holmes catch ruled incomplete after review...FG unit on the field for 52 yard FG
i was told i had a big fore head by some #faketits, well u know what?I had a haircut 2day n my stylst said its not big soo booyah
Great to see you! Hope you had a nice weekend
oh thanks!
The time we spend is more valuable than any price you can try to attach to it.
MAKE SURE YOU ALL CHECK OUT (Cujo Guin) from Waco texas,
Cultural Anthropology online course < Twitter, Tumbr & Facebook . -.- #ProcrastinationAtItsFinest .
#WhyDoIAlways get so jealous and protective over you, when you're not even mine.
:'( thanx for non!! Wen I need to talk to somone there not there for me!! Wtf!! #gettin more cold hearted
Your welcome for the retweets. Like wise.
What's your favorite #foodtruck food?
RT on DVD & Blu-Ray: Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol and Shame This week, pickings are slim yet again, but at the very least, most o
Shouts out times 100 2U How is Life
Jesus Christ
Say what you want, but it hurts like hell.
Wants to sleep.
i got SOMEDAY : by justin bieber today at macy's......ot smells so
Just had remarkable service from Casey with the at the Madison, WI Best Buy. Major thanks!
heading out to the Kensington Christmas Bazarre with my American Girl Doll Beds :) Wish me luck!!!!
Interested in custom courseware development? How can that help your company? Come see neat examples at booth
iBrick no more! I think the servers are coming back online!
wait till you see the trailer.
gonna go drown myself in holy water. brb
Two more days!
Another wonderful event at TRU lst night. If u act, direct, write or produce check them out. Very helpful and informative. www.TRU.org
I'm sincerely hoping that the curator of the Leavenworth Nutcracker Museum is
Damn it's hot in Vegas
Getting my first tattoo in a couple hours...super excited!!!!
will be closed on Tuesday, August 9th in observance of Tisha Baav
Finally some one on Fox got the VP Right with hoping Repub. got gun point at'em&200lb Rape one
lmao I know then he just Chillin in the grass.
O my goodness this movie just got really freakin creepy
#1 reason I don't own a scale- I refuse to weight myself !
I been a boss in my own rite fuck wat u say cunt
Hey! guess who's on today!!! :D
Finally going to church
Oh my God the crazy fucking rebate lady that screamed at me for 20 minutes just came in. God save me.
or you could be doing the dougie ;)
what a badass workout! w/ Vanessa Garza. Getting those abs where they need to BE! :)
up late again i so cant wait for the day this baby of mine sleeps at night... in need of some sleep
We all find inspiration in different places, where does yours come from?
no you didn't wake me up my doggie did lol
Come party with me for my bday tonight!! Love yaa!
Ok, I truly love Christina Aguilera and she is beautiful, but I do believe she should have gotten a size larger. It would flatter her more!
we love you back!
Yeah I did but now you're not following me :(
hahah i had dinner with him last night!! but no kissing... i'm sorry :(
Damn bitch, you need to replace your Chapstick with a glue stick and shut the fuck up. Why be FAKE?
you won't start the night off w some skyy...
At long last, we join the rest of the developed world, health care passes 219-212! Sen. Edward Kennedy is smiling today.
20 minutes for my youngest to eat an ice cream cone. New record? God help me.
time has proven that no matter how conservative the brotha ala #HermanCain & #ClarenceThomas when it comes to sex they b radical freaks!
dear bugs: I know I'm dirty and all but please get away from me.
Bought a new desktop with 23" flatscreen...online poker never looked so good!
I therefore rank their website among the most useless. Not to mention ignorant.
Thanks! I did not know of them!! :-)
please get on making Queen of Jordan into a real show. no one would notice (seriously) & I would totes watch it.
Happy Valentines Day everyone!!!!
Some of these Spotify apps are pretty cool...especially TweetVine and Filtr
Let's try forgiveness. A little less reaction, a little more reflection.
Thank you
Hearing off to mater academy in a bit 😜 hopefully i dont get lost.... Lmfao IM GOING TO PASS THAT AP EXAM!!
I told him, At my age, I don't even buy green bananas
oh nice, I'll let you know for sure! Enjoy the wedding!
damn gettin low on da green i feel like dieing
Wow. File that one under
Waiting for the little one to decide to spring into action.
how often does the positive of social learning get run over by reality of high stakes testing
move to Vegas, we got a few! ;)
Just found Gaithers A Christmas Homecoming...OMG, talk about memories! Favorite song is Amen, by Larnelle Harris
Oh dats your GIRLFRIEND.... I thought it was your HOMEGIRL????
website in construction, we are local chicagoans and would love to chat.
All-wheel-drive is optional in the Lincoln MKT with the 3.7-liter V6 and standard with the EcoBoost model
did not know I had anything in there.
“: Rise of the Planet of the Apes screening and talk back w/ Andy Serkis & director Rupert Wyatt.” My uncle was in that movie.
I use
I support obama for 2012 and Shaq for Sherriff
JOhn hard to give the advice with guys on the DL...
I'm w.Obama. Def lesser of all evils IMHO. Politics blow: pres. battles house/senate, accomplishing little.
I can hear the snowmobiles echoing from the lake, wish i had one today
Sigh. BOTH of my bra straps have come undone. This must signify the end of the day, right?
Just took quite a spill in the sams parking lot
There are no recipes for your success, what works for one singer doesn't work for another, create your unique path.
I really hope can forgive me for what happened like an hour ago.
ah!! That is not the I married!!
I gave you my number at railsconf but you never called.
RT : Going Strong at May Day Tmrw with and S/O To Everybody Attending!
The great moment when you write the intro to coursework and update your awesome blog.
I will drop you an email. Should be fun since you are pushing the youngins and I'm pushing the oldins :).
ahem, is pretty much 3 weeks away. just sayin.
I wish!! The lady on mine sounds like a Drill Sergent! ;). Happy Wednesday!
Pumping fist! Let's go Hawks! Let's go Hawks! Let's go Hawks! Let's go Hawks!
“: McDonald's is poison to your stomach”tasty poison
Officially sucked into The Bachelorette.
You know those days where everyone just pisses you off no matter what? That's you everyday for me.
::Treading Lightly::
I appreciate YOUR music:)
yea yea
If you get visited by a federal agent brandishing a warrant, cooperate but DO NOT SPEAK. Lying to the feds is a crime in itself.
I Shouldn't Say Shit While I'm Mad .
I drink to make other people interesting. -George Jean Nathan
I'm not even sure I can justify an 8mm film projector...
F them other btches we on that other business & F them otha niggas we at them dolla figures $💰
hahaha you finally got dribbling and walking down?? Hahaha yeah man for sure!! I'm down
Awesome! Recording?
i'm unhappy about all of it... obama was supposed to end the wars, not just continue duhhhbaya's policies.
Doug the single dad from Seattle looks promising. Note: not the single dad from Oregon.
I'll pay money to watch that. My money is on the ramp winning
Aw snap! She done been dickmatized!
Speaking book clubs, after seeing is reading The Family Fang, I've added it to my own reading list. Has anyone else read it?
yes, lots of baby slugs showing up everywhere - funny after relatively dry spring so far - maybe due to mild winter
Im going to buy an electric guitar :) if my mom would let me :| but i wanna lear how to play it though :)
I forgot u sucked my dick stupid bitch
Just registered for the 2012 LIVESTRONG Austin Marathon! Don't forget to wear yellow this Sunday 10//2 #livestrongday cc
you are my heart , my inspiration , my soul , and the air that I breathe. I LOVE YOU ♥ xx
So true.RT : is a classy man.
Honing in on the #music #DJ lineup 4 #NYE2012 #lasvegas party with a purpose!
The comments on Phil Collins youtube videos are very entertaining
lol u already kno it --bro man from the 5th floor
fix f = f (fix f) recursion can save the world
Asian Americans feel under represented in media via Wong. YES YES YES!
when the boogyman goes to sleep every-night he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
Upset of the year happening? Tim Tebow over the Steelers??? Really?! Still lots of football left… we'll see how it goes!
wants some turkey teriyaki jerky
Uh oh Larry Merchant Vs. Floyd Mayweather 2
Oh shit is about change..along with the people around me
MitchBenn so Mitch let us know, what distracted you in a mens toliet? LOL
Buying myself Jason Mraz tix as a graduation gift. Who wants to come? He's the best, I swear.
Shouting out Mark (N.I.Beats) on the assist for the" CBS SPORTS" placement. Thx Bro
Sherrod is one of them. He had 115
I just DM my email. Looking forward to it.
Yeah, it's a bitch when you cross up your Twitter accounts.
you're not, are you? </3
I want to retweet that.
RT @ FredCuellar It's Hard 2 Find Your Way Back Home, When You Don't Have A Home...
sounds like my kids!
Never would I got throw the same shit twice
I shouldn't have any now. My hair dresser doesn't understand how my hair is so healthy. It grows like a wildfire.
Going to a Mumford & Sons show would be awesome
Tristan juss thinks I'm finna watch these lame cartoons all day. No sir!
Making memories at the wrestling banquet. I love these guys so much
gets my Tell It Award nomination for the day for his q's from the back row in pro #musesocial session
#JustRememberThat all you have is today-the present. Be all there.
My lunch is ruined
I trust 3 people. Me, myself, and I.
I'm fangirling already!!!!
I wear a size 16 in dress shoes and boots, and 17 in sneakers, I have a 36/37 sleeve and a 36 length pant. It's hard to shop for clothes.
items in Durant's backpack: protractor, scientific calculator, bike lock, fruit cup, and (soon) the Larry Obrien Trophy.
"To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don’t need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself." ~Thich Nhat Hanh
besler picked up a bobblehead that was laying near the goal. broadcast confirms that is what was thrown at his head
#FF Cool local DC peeps:
No matter who you are, it is so simple...a feeling...but it's everything...
70 with a breeze. Ah, San Diego.
Snell Library will be offering FREE MASSAGES in the lobby on Dec 12th & 13th from 12-2pm to help relieve stress from finals!
so good, right????
Most people interested to know more about #twitter lingo, how to do more in general.
no it isn't; I took it with my iPhone. I like cinematography and photography, I can shoot nice pictures.
Haunted house tonight yessir!
Just became a new fan of I'm in love <3. He's definitely gonna make it to the top! <21
Thanks, ! RT: Wow what a site! Well done Prologis and Volker for turning fields in to distribution park excellence!
ok, hope to see on the hill someday
Thus fortified with strong coffee and Jordan almonds, I shall complete the grading today. I SHALL.
congrats...it was earned
At the national mall, catching up with the latest shows at the Smithsonian. Tons of people!
great! Let us know how it goes.
Congratulations to CIS of Wilkes County on becoming CISNC's 16th affiliate to be TQS Accredited! Thank you for your all your hard work!
"There's more culture on this corner (Magzine St, New Orleans) than in the entire city of Charlotte combined!
It makes sense in most of SD fire agencies. Most don't have civilian PIOs.
really wanted to make sure that I was awake today.
It would be more fun if your peeps were with you ;)
which are you taking?
Thank you babe! XoRT : love it!!
it's turkey time ... almost! i LOVE thanksgiving. time to bust out those brown-n-serve rolls
no sad first day of school :(
watching lifetime movies always wanted me to start breast feeding
Imma have to ask that if u subtweet me @ me kmsl !!!!! I totally just caught rasheeda 's subtweet from like 9 hours ago 😂😂😂😂
Happy New Year!!! You are right...it is time!
Hi great to meet you:) look forward to your tweets!!
tweetdeck is just another way to look at Twitter. Looks interesting and provides a clean view
I would like to see something in red to bring out your eyes. Second choice is the green.
how was work
is going to teach me how to SALSA dance!!! Haha
It's funny cos it's true!
Thanks Kristen! It's a great story, good coverage. Ends with a punch!
When your having a bad day and you don't know why..
: I studied photojournalism at San Jose State University at Silicon Valley in Cali.
Listen to some classic Bob Marley,hope ya like Jammin' too...
Thanks ! I'm looking forward to it and seeing what you and have come up with for the unconference!
hello how are you ?
follow 4 follow?
hey this is mike blotzers band, son of bobby from ratt. RT us!!!
#20ThingsAboutMe i have alot of friends but there are only a few i can trust.
I will get it back. :-)
Come on up...not so bad here !!
Ambition is priceless its something thats in your veins, and i pray that never change.
Disruptors: everyday distractions that are easily dismissed, but when combined they change the world. Think Twitter
My 3 year old niece goes HAM when Glad You Came and What Makes You Beautiful plays. FUCKING LEGIT.
Edward St. Aubyn: What else is there to do but read too much into things? What a poor, thin, dull world we'd live in if we didn't.
: Awesome! I just started following them :) Wat r u most surprised about when designers ask 4 legal advice?
Keep your eyes.. Open.. (:
Typical all I do is get yelled at, I went out there 2do work & what do I get Fucking screamed @ &told to shut up and I wasn't even yelling
I cant decide if that's the best or worst plot twist ever....
its the piercing thats on top of the skin ;)
I bet my mom will flip a shit when she sees me in a bit lol
going for a run in this weather is
Agreed, makes me CRAZY RT : Why do people insist on putting an "S" to some restaurants? It's Vapiano, Dino. No "S" at the end.
Going for a workout to blow off some steam. Only hmu if you really need me
Y is it so hard for ppl to be honest?
I need to move to the city asap.
In 2010-31.6 percent of households headed by single women were poor -6.2 percent of married-couple households lived in poverty
Been driving over 32hrs str8..4more to go..so tired
Lady Antebellum's music is perfect
Your trainer will demonstrate good form for all exercises you will be performing
For a good play by play of tonight's #matchforcure check out
oh it is...fighting a food coma at the moment and the wine isn't helping, but it is oh so delightful :)
thats what i was waiting for, thanks
Living in the moment & responding fully creates that pit of anxiety in the gut. That means exciting things. Focus on doing.
Jealous of the boat and the beer. Not the cigar though lol
but please excuse me darlin' it's not you it's me
Woke up late :/ heading to school I have 3 before in late
I'm so tired.
A #serious relationship would be nice.
Someone DM me
Right. Cuz you know, WI actually gained 25k jobs in the past year. The liberal media is changing the
And i Got A Few Numbers. ^_^
Film Festival tonight. FREE. 3 eco-shorts, food, music & drinks! The fun starts at 6 pm tonight. Weatherspoon Art Museum.
follow me back B)
Annoying Ass On Again , Off Again Relationships < Bitch , Stay Together & Stay Broken Up !
If you've recently ordered from Ashlei Shannon, your order HAS SHIPPED!!! Thank you for shopping AS & enjoy =))
I apologize in advance to anybody who says 'Things aren't always what they seem' or 'i'm happy or I'm really happy'. Actually, I'M NOT
After tough couple months including injuries, I'm in San Antonio w mom & dad 4 TLC. Leaving Medina Valley HS Christmas show--Wow!amazing
BENTLEY? are you kidding? What does he do? Brain surgery? My dad drives a lame range rover
I'm always ready! Let's do this!
RT : I've got a theory that if you give 100% all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end. -Larry Bird
girl with the dragon tattoo is great
RT : was the 1st person in line for the iPhone4S in Las Gatos' Apple Store this am. Nice tribute 2 your friend Jobs! URock!
I track my calories using myfitnesspal.com. Do you track yours?
Check out Courtney Stodden's new single Reality on iTunes! <3
Blinded by the light!!! Lol.
The Beastie Boys have never sounded sad to me, until today. The License to ill was apparently a metaphor God did not understand.
Coffee's on, the only thing missing is you. Come on in and play for a while only at Piano Source!
Just saw #TowerHeist. Great movie!! Immortals, "meh" is all can say on that one.
Thank you very much, I apologize for the change, but sometimes you have to do what you have to do. (Cont)
Clutch hug and bump night galore. NFL draft. Woo-hooo.
hey! you! I'd tweet at u but I'm talking about ALL of you! Become our fans on facebook NOW! www.facebook.com/SilverProductionsMV
I work hard but then I party even harder than most rockstars do these days!?
dont act like you dont know what that means, cueraso.
I'm working on it ;)
this actress can not say "phenomenon" : (
in a pool of their own blood
Had a great time at the March of Dimes with , , & Sara! 👍
She's Canadian ????? haha why is this TT? o_O
Can only imagine Bike Bar is jam packed with bike commuters today. BTW- we're serving Hopworks this year!
Hey, weird, another B R Meyers hit piece on the novel of the moment in !
I hope Lebron was watching ;)
Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.~ Bo Bennett
a shame your contest REQUIRES us to use privacy-violating
Ugh! Chose extremely poorly in #ff this week. Played Fitzpatrick, S Jackson, Gronkowski and sat M. Ryan, B. Wells, J. Nelson and Garcon..
What an honor it was to be a part of the Minneapolis St. Paul International Film Festival! Sad to see it come to a close.
hey can u tell her at least about me and see what she says plz???
"This is the best day of summer so far!!!" "Its also the first day of summer..." hahaha
No school for me today.....sick hate being sick!
I'm glad that ride is over
OMFG @ monsters telling to die! Talk about crossing the line! Some of you are disgusting pigs
mannequins have great skin did you know
You almost expect something like this from a Crocs/other dying brand... But Skechers? Come on, they have Kim Kardashian shoe!
Well, that was a huge improvement; I thought I had bricked this server. At least it's back to failing more successfully.
I really love working with #microsoft clients... I always learn so much. Today, I got a random Dropbox schooling... Sa-weet!
Happy Birthday, !!!!
In a loving relationship we not only offer each other love, but we also teach each other to love ourselves. We grow a bond when growing love
no they are spread out over a week, its for a guys 60th bday
I'm aight just doing what I got to do
they told me id be arrested if i stayed on schools grounds today. I was like
A big problem of mine is that im too nice to people who dont deserve it.
where in atl is it?
#saysomething it's amazing #yee i love this song :')
Enjoyed your performance in TLAM. Was @ the premier in Atlanta. Wish u were there. I watch your show:)
Felix I second Troy () and Abed () host the Oscars.
As Black Friday approaches, will you honor the created...or the Creator?
Follow me on Twitter I follow back!
How can I tell what I think until I see what I say? -E.M. Forster
I'm having gammon for tea
S/O to the beautiful <<<<< FUCKING GORGEOUS
I'm gonna start collecting nail polish when I get the chance.
We Buy Ugly Houses Announces Buying a Home Without Selling is Risky Homeowners that fail to move their first home prior to purchasing ano
hey do u have a cell phone?;)
It really was. Expensive, but really worth it. We spent the whole day there. Servers brought us drinks, it was awesome!
Read that last night. Nice work.
For Mario, really?!?
The Blind Side favorite movie ever and best part is I met the guy who plays big mike this weekend
just shaved 15 minutes off best time for a walk to the post office! :)
us too! Thx
In Saudi Arabia, a woman can divorce her husband if he doesn’t give her coffee!
I love to answear your questions !!!!!
Gotta say: 23-18 at halftime is one reason I can't take college basketball that seriously. Except for LIU, of course.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else.
Hiphop international is following meh :D
7 Tips to Get Started with a Website Redesign
When my kids become wild and unruly, I use a nice safe playpen. When they're finished, I climb out. ~Erma Bombeck
Cross-toed?
Happy Anniversary ! I've been a fan for over 15 years, love you guys! Can't wait to hear your new stuff!
Glad the storms have settled down abit here in the #Memphis area. Very tired.
Just won a 2 night stay at a resort here in destin :). Over $750! Who's coming to visit lol?!
ChocoVine is so much more delicious than you could possibly imagine red wine and chocolate to be.
DISCO INFERNO
omr I hope u feel better :(
hearing that is looking to buy St Margaret's Convent in Roxbury's Fort Hill. Convent been trying to sell since last summer
Nothing wrong with starting my day off with eating breakfast,drinking coffee, & watching Entourage from the night before!
i want a beer and a goodnights sleep
"Some voices got treble, some voices got bass, we got the kinda voices that are IN YOUR FACE!..." Beastie Boys
"I'm in the woods so much I can tell you which plants are edible." --Lee Trevino.
Me Does that shirt say Goldcoast Australia?!!? Grama Ya, i got it like 60 years- let me guess, you want it? Me Oh gramma you should have! :)
Thx Rachel! We are on FB as well :)RT : Looking forward to seeing where goes!
can't wait to see some scans!
2 Ariana I Love U!Tweet Me!I <3 Ur Song Put Ur Hearts Up!U/Me Have Same Tweets I Have 19.5K U Have 19.4K Tweets
That was a good 20 min
"Six on a Thursday night and you be jonesin baby, For a brother to hold you tight and keep on goin"
If you can find samples, I can do my best to recreate. I would charge very little, if anything, over the cost of materials.
This nigga almost deleted the beat lol
I know, you did you wanted him to win you told me so during cod.
When politicians want to cut the NEA, they should first look to the $320 million spent on military bands (more than twice that of the NEA).
Filming a Video this week wit for "Benjamin Anthem" ! Need some of yall to come out!
Probably constructions -- the signs were less than helpful.
Going to lay it down....wat a fucking boring day it was!
I'm scary spice
I am told that the skin reduces men mad. I love to wear it because it's nice.
When I was young my bestfriend and I had dreams,He wanted to be a astronaut,I wanted to sell dolphins on the black market...ppffff astronaut
I'm chillin bro! What's up?
“: MUST BE A LAKERS FAN LMAO” << u muhfuckin right
RT #guacamole was delicious last night.
I´m in school.... I was going to have gymnastics but the teacher didn´t came...... so I´m at the computers with my class mate´s LOL
Great presentation on new #Facebook fan pages by Keith Thanks for bringing me!
Just finished The Solitary House. Now there are two novels I want to reread immediately. wove stories together brilliantly!
angles are pretty tight.
you're to cool for me :p
thanks so much for the RT - so excited to be part of the event this year :)
HEY SHANE whats up?
I guess? By Stephens Coll and Lee Elem on the southeast corner of downtown?
No, but I had two margaritas and the hunger games book. And now I'm at the Ace hotel for dinner.
Okay, one more time. Flashing red light = stop. Flashing yellow light = DON'T stop. Seriously, how do you people get a driver's liscense?
ah. perhaps i misunderstood. sorry for the mis-information!
I ain't even mad
Safe and Sound by is my new fav. Song. <3
If I wasn't so tired by 8th period, I would have a A in glob connect
Whistling in public is considered bad manners. // Sure way to irritate the shit out of me?Walk around the office whistling.
welp gettin off in a few. hope i getto hang with justice tomorrow !
Thanks for one heck of a show today. Happy Easter to you & your family. Thank them for sharing you with us today.
RT Paint wall behind sink/commode a contrasting color to help w/ bathroom independence.
i'm in wisconsin and the weather isn't half as good. right now we have a temp of 30 degrees! wish i was in
40 years ago we received about 500 messages a day – now it’s can be up to 8000 a day. Lofton
hey guess what? I'm almost done with school. aaaaaaahahahahahhaah...and you aren't!
Your love is the only love I'm tasting <3 5.5.2k12
thanks. And now, I finally graduate. :)
omg thank u so much I love u and always will :)
Austin and Dave saw The Lucky One and The Vow together. RT if you love their bromance.
RT Follow Unbelievable Savings on Eating Out In Atlanta Ga Sold at A Offices & online www.DiningPerks.com UnTweetLeavable
that's so cute!
is anyone seeing gonzo or...
You in LA right now?
Don't be surprised when I don't talk to you anymore, because I don't like mean liars... #isthatweird?
“: GG to , one of the best.” yup, gg Christian!
What an awesome day for an Easter Egg Hunt!
My roommate: "I don't really get Twitter. Up until recently, I thought that RT meant, right?!"
Writers write, and rewrite until they get it right. Right?
Noonish In The Garden Of Good And Evil
We could totally be down for reviewing the EP.
Humber, former Met traded in the Santana deal, throws a perfect game. Cut by Twins. #mets still without a no hitter. So many thoughts.
RT : SendGrid customer service is just
Mike Holmgren was selected to Packers Hall of Fame, but honestly, we should bring the big walrus back. McCarthy doesn't know what he's doing
thanks for the shout-out!
how could you have taken AP spanish? Isn't that spanish 5? Yeah I can't take adv.comp. until senior year. chem acc- good luck!
AnaCJohnson thanks for following me on Twitter!
GOP Council of State candidates or their supporters: give me 140 characters on why I should vote for you. No cliches.
RT : Thanks for including me in such good company! RT : #FF social media greats
Hahaha you can say that again! Specially first thing in the morning..
That SOMEONE is one hot genius! Listen to her!
things i'm thankful for this holiday season: brown rice at chipotle
4th quarter- Playoffs- Close game. It's time for LeBron to prove the haters wrong!
that's how I ended up here. He did a cool interview on The Nerdist podcast not too long ago
When you’re in your nineties and looking back, it’s not going to be how many awards you’ve won. It’s really what did you stand for. Did...
Jazz great Louis Armstrong was once asked to define jazz. His response was "Man, if you gotta ask, you'll never know."
It's to mother effin early for all this
gorgeous!! Any idea, even tentative, on a wedding date?
i really like being online at the same time as the boys aw
I love the rhetorical phase "who does that?"
Awesome resource, thanks!
I know you're reading all of our tweets & you're ignoring them but trust me! it will come a day you'll fall apart! I know that
“Live quietly in the moment and see the beauty of all before you. The future will take care of itself." -Paramahansa Yogananda
I see you
If it wasn't for you, I would be really happy right now.
wow!! thx for the great card :-) yr class certainly knows how to host a guest speaker.
it looks like we won't be getting a "babymoon" after all before he gets here :( very sad
That was good
no more excuses now - time to get in shape!
I see whats going on here, you two a thing?👱+👱= 🌈
I haven't read Delaney in too long! Had a great conversation with him once...back in the 1970s.
HubSpot's Blog Analytics also provide valuable insights about what content her prospects find most interesting and compelling
"O Lord Jesus " Rom. 10:9; 12b-13" & rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.”
Who else is more excited for Believe tour?! :D
your boy Decker is working w/ Manning, u planning on joining them? U know how confusing Manning can be yelling shit out presnap
haha yes. And a fantastic rooftop view of the city, for when ones wallet needs a breather.
not that I kno ma. just don't see nothin wrong wit tryin to help yourself.
Aug. 2, 1858: On ths day, the 1st mailboxes wr installed along streets of Boston & NY City. The idea of mailboxes began in Belgium in 1848
dinosaurs went extinct because they ran out of yogurt
Thanks! Great to see you here. Great journalism means we never stop learning.
Visiting the Mall and knowing as much as I do now about history due to the work I have done as resident makes it more special.
we had fun doe , that was only thing that ruined it
Today it's supposed to get up to 70! So I busted out a skirt. It's bright blue and cheerful.
new icon and background :) tell me what you think
oh nice. Good luck to your team.
I'm definitely stressing out over these freaking finals.
And now in English, please?
“: On this date, 150 years ago” ... 3,862 American Casualties at Fort Magruder, Virginia.
Rampant arrogance that is the hallmark of #iubb fans. You know, the reason that everyone hates IU is not the coach or the players.
I need a vcr.
Want a website that truly represents YOU and Your Personality or the Personality of Your Business? Go CUSTOM! ...We can help! ;)
Wow! Thanks for supporting Milwaukee Comedy! We've grown so big, we could use an extra hand keeping things updated. Interested?
Everybody is lovong my song I wanna Go....
Man Devoted rest of Life, to help Abused Children and Build a Safe House. www.BarefootDrumsofHouston.com
Same here!
Congratulations to Katrina and Abdus our new clients. We are looking forward to planning your wedding!
Did you know, for every night you pay regular rate, you can get the next night 40% off. Offer valid through December 31st.
Kya! I just saw the cutest little ducklings xD
I think in the morning or early afternoon
I'll follow you anywhere
that's what I'm doing for my group!
+1 - That's a cute little turd!
Out and about today to get things done in the burbs. Diverged a bit for a little journey to the country & deli.
You just mind your business.
I'm sure you're a good reporter, but you and your POS network look really bad with how they continue to hammer
so nice to meet you looking forward to a cheestique night with you, Lauren, Emily &
so much for the bucs getting trent richardson.
Merry Christmas from Evans Nelson & Company CPAs. We hope you have a wonderful and joyous day!
nothing! I'm still following you according to my twitter! :)
It was an honor and a pleasure to stand alongside DS and Prince Harry. A true gentleman. San Diego kept it classy.
Will MJ have it in him to fire his guys (GM and President)? “: Bobcats fire Paul Silas.Cause,um, you know, it's all his fault
Ima be up all night. I wish I could call someone. </3
help trend #TylersPartsOfTheBody!!!!!!
then learn lol 
it's 47 degrees--same temp as yesterday
AMARA.. WHY U R KILLING ME, I CANT BREATHE HELP
Skip the brown bag lunch - Tomorrow is Tamale Thursday! Instead fill up on fresh, handmade, delicious tamales at KPTV in Beaverton.
I always wonder what the diff is b/w a "slender" novel & a novella
our new song for spanish boys to sing to us is Promise by Romeo Santos and Usher <33333
So 3 people in a row said something about "pop that pussy" on my TL...
Tell us what you want on your T-shirt??
This RT : I wanna babysit Sean Preston & Jayden. And we can play Just Dance.
5th floor Marriott salon A , leg & B&F open house
sounds interesting. We are experimenting with PLN's via twitter and blogs. Hope to expand next yr. I'd be glad to share.
grey connections. Thanks
Stay golden pony boy
dat don't mean nun 2 me
oh thank you!!!! Will grab it next time.
They have a mind of a two year old my five year cousin. Is smarter than a boston fan
@ great to see u 2 Thomas!
It's #cincodemayo and I don't have a margarita yet!
Each man will be at a different school. I'll be at George Washington Elementary #33. DM your email for the mentor info.
Interesting. A is your friend.
My ExactTarget blog from 2010 ranked 7th for the year!
OMG thanx 4 the follow Amanda, I love u so much! Your music is simply amazing:)
Some people just need a hug.. around the neck.. with a rope.
C# question then I'm off to feed the zoo. Can I do a DateTime.ParseExact when I don't have delimiters in my date? ie 4122009 ?
Had an awkward encounter today......
lol! It happens!
That's the last time you put a knife in me! You hear me!?
We play at 10 pm at the . If you're in Memphis, get here. Richard Buckner at 11. and you do NOT want to miss him.
ZOMG!!! Please. Their fried pickles are tvebest ones north of the Mason Dixon. Pick a night and we're in.
Cousin Brad! Hunting trips in your future, I can only assume.
I used to only Imagine what would happen for me..Till I learned I only had to Believe!!!
I dont want to see #Kardashians on my TV, computer, at the check out line! ANYMORE! Someone please tell me WTF they contribute to society!
but then you'd go to prison and could never ever see us again!
Checking now....I will get back to you shortly :)
Deloitte is investing in Teleclassrooms that are optimized for linking classrooms worldwide. $1 per person per hour of learning.
Was just told to go lay down and relax and nap if I wanted because "it's valentines day and you're supposed to be relaxing" #loveyoumike <3
What is a noun, a verb, and is going to be at our conference?
#mozmah sounds great from backstage!
NEVER ages and stays so sexy...in a older man, friends granpa kinda way. Wait, I may need therapy. Nevermind.
God bless RT : Ready to get this day started thank u God morning to everyone things moving forward cant stop won't stop
see you New Years!
Congratulations to the winner of our Facebook contest, Joanie Mary Pope. She won a KoreFit! "Like" our page to enter the next one!
back at ya! enjoy the rest of your week/weekend.
Why should we try to think outside of the box when there really isn't one?
#90sproblems included not having enough tape left on your VCR recorder and you missed the ending to a game :(
Sorry about that. thought we fixed the problem.
I just finished the 4th season of #TheBigBangTheory and can't wait for what's next!
Come by and see us in Orlando!!! Booth #2827 at the #SAPPHIRENOW Show.
Hint: Those aren't bidets on the wall. ;)
Texas Plates? Why yes please
What's your schedule looking like for next week? Would love to have you out to speak in Tempe!
RIP Patrick Crandall <3 You will never ever be forgotten
yeah, got it back yesterday
who the fuck is anyway?
I followed!(:
And #Linsanity continues
I'm scrolling down my TL and I just move my fingers to the side and it retweets and favorites random shit -./
McQueary knows more. The only logical reason to keep him on board.
It's funny that there are more seagulls in the Wal Mart parking lot than at the beach. But I guess they know where the trash is...
Rock Star!
signature for what?
Followed follow me back ?
JOHN PRINE IS COMING TO FAYETTEVILLE ARKANSAS AND I DON'T HAVE ENOUGH MONEY FOR A TICKET.
Stop slurping your fucking drink. Stop talking loudly on your phone. >.<
WTF. Where's the 4th ump? Bad call.
ZOMG! My dad is doing the Electric Slide ... well, at least it's at the #120League scholarship benefit
I RLY LOVE YOUR ALBUM UNDER THE MISTLETOE IVE LISTENED TO IT LIKE 20 TIMES ALREADY AND I JUST GOT IT LAST WEEK PLZ FOLLOW ME<3
That man had him a good night the other night hah my n-word
OFWGKTA will always have a special place in my heart.
Thank you sir! and thank you for your continued support!
Idk why I want grapes and watermelon so badly lol 
I really hate being a diabetic right now!
I think this may be the only context ever in which I might like this UI. Undecided, but find it appropriate to coll.
Working on new flavors now Clint but want to make sure they are perfect for our Moonshiners. Stay tuned. Shine responsibly!
oh god spare me, loved your #USA by the way
watchu mean y?
dayuuum #may the force be w/u
RT..I will DM Liam for everyone who RT'd this. (Must be following me and )
dadyj told me id have to work it...If i wanted to roll with u....
I double dog dare you to follow me;)
can you please follow me?!(: love you
Prepare to be disappointed in what's available for streaming. Unless you are really into 80s B sic-fi
I would love to know the science behind the ripping and hole punching of train tickets
Hi,i love you. Tell me you love me too.
Ok, you get like 12,000 cool points for that shot with the incomparable Dick Gregory!
I'm glad you feel good about it. It'll take me a few days to work my way through them.
stop raping errrbody
Let us be your Bulk Mail handling service provider. 505-899-3104
Why would you use a franchise tag on Matt Prater? Sign him to a long-term deal
I smell like pool :-D
I would give anything if i could just go back to sleep
I pretty much forced myself into that dress. I have five months to not be a mammoth for this wedding.
What won't u put bacon on???
O Wee i met a bad1., she a Show Stopper 2........Flexinn
Headed home. Thanks for the good times Bay Area WAKA peeps.
omgg. im dying back here
Maybe I should start being a bitch. That way no one would take advantage of me or walk all over me.
Listening to Sade.
Damn I wish tattoos weren't so expensive
HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY I love you
Monette Marino-Keita plays for my dance class in San Diego when she is not touring the world. www.tribalenergycardio.com
omg! I totally did that once! Except the 7 yr difference...is that creepy? Yet, I always ask myself #whatwouldCadydo ?
Coalition building is essential to working well with organizations who may be working towards the same goal
Craziest movie I've watched in a long time is Heavy Metal...thanks can't wait for Psychoville!
Hi Gabrielle, I read All These Things I've Done and loved it. When does book #2 come out in the US? Thanks!
yes, according to a presentation I saw today at #hcms12 but I can't prove it. :)
Coffee, whiskey, sushi, and the residual inspiration of great conversations with friends from throughout the week... I'm ready to write...
- Great work promoting our film :D Kudos, kiddo!
OK INSTEAD OF A NIGGA MAKIN THINGS RIGHT AT HOME HE RATHER MAKE THINGS WORSE BY GOIN OUT..FUCKN
yeah buddy! Kings putting on a clinic in the post season!
Are u there
I use to love that song!! Lol! I use to turn the volume up & sing it out like I was performing for millions! Lol!
I'm amazed by how many people have seen Google Earth, I don't expect them to have seen imagery
first flight out baby I'm gone
I happen to think the comparison is flattering.
watchin a movie
why are you always tweeting me porn? It looks good btw.
Looking For Good Photoshoot Places Tomorrow With (: I So Cant Wait For Summer! Random Photoshoots Whenever I Want? #HeckYes (:
Do they still do tea?
Shucks...I dream of a world where we all have equal access to free WiFi wherever we go.
I love it. We do need to discuss the van situation. My car is at 252K so it's definitely out.
"I don't think there is one thing more important you can do for your kids than have family dinner." - Ruth Reichl | RT
Whats up friends!!! If u r local come to the 17th ave block party 2day 530-8p and come to our booth and say hi :) xo
I have the best mother in the world because she is beautiful and is making pizza at 3 a.m.
Megan Fox is pregnant. There go my fantasies.
#nickelback just came up on my #pandora feed. Should I be worried?
I do! Big ups!
Homie! I'm sure you're already going crazy, but call me when you can please! <3 Miami!
RT “I made a choice to stay home + raise five boys. Believe me, it was hard work.” ~ Ann
Steaming this pastrami has left me with incredibly-delicious pastrami stock. What to do with it? Ideas? (cc )
Took exam that said 2 begin after reading all instructions. The last instruction said you don't need to take the test and passed psych exam
damn him .. we're officially done w/ him ^_^
“: Apologies, excuses, I hate them both.”
I saw. Looks like I'll be working double hard for the last exam...in only two weeks. Yay!
Gabby Gifford is to sit with US house of representatives tonight for the last time before stepping down. Presidential address live now.
Thanks for the s/o rt
I've said it before and I'll say it again Jeffrey DeMunn is really fucking good actor.
there is a crepe place at the fashion square mall. who knew?
Glad Bas shared that. Good example of how dangerous a blade is, even if you live through the altercation.
TFTF... we could always use a little more joy in our life!
If only you were mine.
Touch Ya Toes When I'm Hitting It From Tha Back
kicked off the Rubicon demand side customer roadshow today with VivaKi, Varick Media Management, The Trade Desk - a day of opportunity
I am live on the radio now. Check me out. Power88lv.com. 88.1 fm lv
You taught me about the power of positive thinking. I'm sure you'll do fine.
LEAVING TEW GO BACK TEW MIAMI NEWYORK JUST NOT WORKING OUT FAH MEH FUCK THIS STATE PORK N BEANS PROJECTS WERE IM AT IN ABOUT 24 MO HOURS
My late night walk was not in vain cause I resisted 3 all-hour joints. But if I run across a food truck I'm toast.
I may, or may not have just broke 3 of my fingers..
in order of funniness RT “: Funny people to follow: , , , , ”
Are you a local #sandiego #lajolla company that is interested in promoting a successful campaign with ? DM me your email!
Um ok... That was awkward. I dont get the meaning of the song..
Welcome our historical friends to this newfangled technology...follow for more old-timey fun! Villages east and westside..unite!
What up?? Headed to Florida, about to get it in!! Orlando here I come...
when i put my phone light on you lol
thanks for coming by the shop today! Thrash hard!
Check out my Mom tweeting!! Awesome! 🌹🌺 RT Good Morning to you, Missy!
Miami Heat and the 10 Most Annoying Teams of All Time
DEFINITION OF "EX": Thanks for the EXperience. Our time has EXpired. Now EXit my life.
Thanks for the RTs, comments, mentions & silver badges! this week ,
Super Excited about TONITE - - Own On Deck. #GoodTimes Ladies!
LOL...luckily neither is the case.
Gregg Williams is offering $1000 to whoever finishes off Piqué.
lol me and my friends find it super annoying when white allies says they hate white ppl... um, i don't need you to do that...
Unlike #walker ..Barret is a man. He knows how to work! He is pragmatically efficient; that's very Good Work!
yea why can I not anymore
Good Luck Charlie (:
Seeing my ex with someone uglier then me - the best feeling ever
I just arrived and somebody tells me I have go to CAMPUS now!!!
Should have checked with #Homewood Police prior to dark.
School sucks.
RT At the end of your life, you should get a rebate for however much time you spent learning cursive.
Headed out to catch , , and at the tonight! See you all there :)
Close contest! S/O to !
well good he gone what a goof. People can be mean some times
yeah :).... He's really great. Cousin by marraige but they married before I was born so he's always been part of the family
Get to game 7 Wed. Call 503-236-4295 and ask for the "friends and family" rate. $15 for lower bowl, $10 upper
RT : In my mind I'm punching Carolina.
Can't shake the feeling that when I connect to the network from home via Citrix that "the man" is watching my every move...
Justin should release all of the t-shirts. RT if you would buy them;)
Good luck & buy some mace for the crazies! :)
Thank you for following
going with the crew to ask his roommate why he can't pay for stealing a wallet!! Esp when he claims to be so rich!!
Don't be tryna make me feel sorry 4 Boeheim #ESPN, I want the #Badgers to
I think I'm sleeping all day!
RT : #WhyDoiAlways complain about everything but never do shit to help the problem
Happy Birthday
I'm actually looking into Seattle. I believe that city may have my name all over it.
okay...the lakers playing tougher. lol
Niggas cnt rap no more, they just be sexy nd make they shit sound good!!
AND CAN"T 4GET MY MAN 50,000 BOOTLEG KEV AZ"s OWN PUT N N WORK N VEGAS ALWAYS REPP N NWC . WAT UP SOLDIER, WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes
Followed up by "Let It Be" ... God dammit ... Pandora is toying with me
Hey #NHL, please explain what the hell an instigator penalty is, that is if you even know.
I thought I heard a plane crashing, but now I think it was your passion snapping.
When different situations in our lives knocks us back many times, show life there are several reasons we must continue to move forward.
is it pathetic that i have an Eharmony account, and i see people from highschool on it?
I would pay money to get better at napping.
Oral promises are tough, but you could sue in small claims to get your $ back. State law bars cos from lying to make a sale
yep.. it'll happen one day. i miss you btw!
A representatives job is not to be strong for you, it's to be strong with you.
BK.. It's Bill b time..hate to say
yea. Me too . I must do Runa..
Congrats on the campaign! Thanks for the great advice. --D+M
good idea will do that as well.
Is anybody watching Food Network's Chef Hunter?? Hope you like it!
Already, walk blessed
. We appreciate the mention. Make sure to use #Nov8 and let people know about the day the #VAGOP take back the Senate
can't talk yet! I took a view of silence for bullied LGBT kids.
let's link up dm your number!
I know all about smoking is dangerous to people but this cigar is so soothing & relaxing.
It is good to see someone using research in discussion
OH before i forget , seen todayy (;
but did you get any of queen Elizabeth's birthday cake?
Patron Tequila successfully places their ads in the corners at Baltimore harbor speedway today, congrats: Power/Verizon www.brandguyblog.com
RT #Life101 Remember this: There will always be something that's not right ABOUT YOU...to a person who's NOT RIGHT for you!!!
Very cool, Sara. And that's a great pic. ;-)
And that's all she wrote. Playoffs? See ya!
im good. hows everything
Fight the system!
meh...still at work and it's been a rough day. but less than an hour left! how are you?
The happiest life is that which constantly exercises and educates what is best in us.Hamerton
HAAN RMF 4 4 Pack Replacement Pads Fast shipping and pads are ...
M thanks giving break swag ha so exited
haha I have like no friends in my classes:p
I need a really inexpensive place ($150 per week or less) to stay while I search for work. Suggestions?
Your friends at www.earth-saver.com wish you a great eco-friendly week!
Mayor is doing OK!Just being treated for smoke inhalation. Came home to find house next door on fire.He was able 2 get everyone out.
Can we get #3on34Niebs trending. Can you give a shout out to your followers? We've got money to raise! :) Thanks so much
Just in: Police announce three arrests in Woodburn High School Fire. We'll have the latest at 10pm.
Time to find a new football team. Where Peyton goes, I go. I'm sure Jim will be sad to lose my support.
lol no he has to get with James :D
On Monday, December 20th, SCAN will close at 6pm.
My mom doesn't want to take me prom dress shopping until I get a date, wtf no!
hahahaha 💰>o—< "I'm peeta I could hold heavy things!" hahahaha random!
rst initial D have the shortest life expectancy.
Thanks for the Snap love! Stay tuned, we've got stories you aren't gonna believe . . . --Glynn
RT : The best revenge you could ever give someone, Is proving them wrong.
YOU WILL?
Do we not get Kevin baby pictures!?
Donald driver is a family man..... No way Jose!
Tuesday. Let's see if I can kick your ass on 3 hours of sleep despite the fact that I am out of coffee
So I'm at the subway station on Raymond and broad waiting to see the director of the Batman movie
Bad grammar is an epidemic. LOL
Happiness is spelling Happiness correctly!
lady gaga I freakin love yew!
Home again with sick child. Will the madness ever end?
niall loves pints.
would love a coupon for Nutro Ultra Adult dry dog food
. seems like such a lovely person; luv how she's grown in the competition & really found her
Italian jazz. Looking for italian songs to sing during a jazz performance. Any suggestions?!!
Woman who has the tick causing her to repeatedly say "oh, dear!" You made my day. Woman who bought 50+ glass angels, you ruined it.
>>>when someone texts you and you cant text them back at that moment, but when you can text them, they cant text you back
Misty because I miss !! Wish I could see her today
Um...heck yeah!
Congrats, Chris, on so many fronts! Such great news!
Blake Griffin tonight: plus-18. Chris Paul tonight: minus-9. Make of it what you will.
long day tired af
Need a restock of the Redeye at Ridgeland CTA station. "thanks."
Made it! Now it's time to get cooking. Oh and go unabashedly mention to NYC that Portland got robbed at JBF awards!
Oh, Im Sorry :'( I Wanted To Share :-)
Including a reading/signing in New York this Thursday, April 19, 5-7pm
yes he did!
If that is how God talked, I could get me behind some religion. Until then, Mobtown denies the lord and all his works.
if i strike out from them, then u.. but i'll try them first. thanks so much.
God gave me you for the ups and downs!<3
Finally found the volume control on tweet deck - OMG it was killing me!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter i was like.. wtf do i do here?
#FF Tasty Treats to #Follow RT
bottom line, the GOP race will go to the convention where power brokers will select cand!
Zusi has a minor quad strain, so he's unavailable for today's game vs Vancouver.
what does the son do for a living?
How's that Burt Reynolds mustache looking? Is it past the 'Burt - Aged 10' stage?
Watching footage from our archives on the flat-panel monitor at the new Merrie Way National Park Service visitor center.
that commercial brought back a lot of memories...peanut buttery memories...m
Dude bring us some weed
her line is always insane, probs will skip it this year!
This a fucking blow out..
Florida Panthers can clinch its first playoff berth since 1999-2000 with a home win Tuesday vs. Winnipeg.
I don't have an attitude problem. I have an attitude that you have a problem with
Feeling kind of down but I have my bff to cheer up.
Lettuce is bullshit
must have been a glitch in my iphone app for Goodreads - found it and rated it (5 stars of course!)
Can I submit multiple entries? 100 words isn't enough..
That makes sense! Good show, fun times, beautiful song.
Change roles: change leader, change junkie, eager beaver, scribe, teacher/trainer.
if I gotta face time! Imma #real rat! Lol
: Aww... you don't want to come to spin class with me? <sadface>
because I can't go "/
I did see that...and I might have submitted that. For some reason I'm not sure if I entered the contest or not! :)
Quick Daily Survey: Who do Denver restaurants use for their accounting? CPAs, Managers or Quicken?
why is every single #buccos commercial done to dubstep?
Make me one when I get back RT man all I'm missin is sum nacho cheese doritos
To change, that is the most difficult thing to accomplish. - Isabelle Adjani
I almost laughed out loud haha. He is old but he's a cool guy!
Going to see in NYC ...... That moment when you have only 4 minutes left and you type your name wrong to hurry up :D
whoa whoa whoa so many tweets! Thanks everybody!
May your neighbours respect you, Trouble neglect you, angels protect you and heaven accept you.
Don't forget about the 24-Hour lounge in M.D. Anderson. Use your cougar card to swipe in after hours.
BAHAHAHAHA, I totes know who you're talking about 😂😂😂
I don't get it. First Vlad now this? These are overpriced vets past their prime. Where's Lou Brown?
forsure, that would mean the world to me! Stay in touch.<3
Just had a 30m conversation about the plight of humanity, this guy's yrs in the OR and the salsa he was demoing at the grocery store
Are you looking for a spot to hold your Fantasy League Draft Party? We have 3 rooms that work great! Call Jen for more info 480-368-0376!
#ff my fav show as a kid
Today was not that productive and yet surprisingly enjoyable
why live tweeting the action of course. which you're doing. thank you.
Fingers officially too swollen to wear wedding rings. Too nervous to wear them around my neck. I can just hear the scandalous rumors now...
so confused me !!!! I don't want OK?
"Fashion can be bought. Style one must possess." ~ Edna Woolman Chase
Everything is resolved
Just hold me tight. Stay by my side. Let me be the one who calls you baby.
Hoping the Jacobs family is ok.
best post ever!!!
I'm going with Pizza... and deep fried things... and I'm hoping 10lbs :)
I know nothing except the fact of my ignorance.
Eat only grass fed animals instead of forced grain fed . They contain higher amounts of vitamin C, E, beta carotene & health promoting fats
That's why I don't eat lobster or anything like that, because they're alive when you kill it. -Snooki
what you said!
Knicks beat Clippers tonight so if Grizz win their last game they get home court adv. in 1st round!
Merry Christmas everybody:)
Garlic chicken and mashed potatoes. Yum. :)
it really doesn't matter, just seeing the name. Best one was table reservations for valentines day though.
Going to see my son, Isaiah, perform in a show at his school, Nashville School of the Arts. Bring on the classical guitars!
I don't understand why people don't get rental on their insurance policies. It doesn't cost that much more & it saves a lot of trouble.
any drupal developers near Allentown PA -- I have a client looking!
My daughters have booked July 14 at midnight for HP7 Part 2. I just got turned on to the London Premiere red carpet event.
Hanna in a country bar...also kinda awkward turtle.
Looks like Alternative is disappearing from the Phoenix dial... tons of rumors that KEXX (X103.9) will become "My 103.9" later this week.
Singing in KEY sounds RIGHT! AUDITION for FCS. Call the office; see fairfaxchoralsociety.org.
if ur gonna be a Twit, u have to tweet. BTW thanks for the shirt & sweater
can't wait to see my amazing boyfriend tonight an hang out with my best friends tomorrow
but how are you tweeting ? 0.0
I love you just please follow me and tweet me I will DM you something that will make you go crazy! (;
Congratulations to Sibyl G. from S. Jordan, UT for winning a free #nuvoh2o salt-less water softener. Sibyl entered at the Utah State Fair.
#goodtoknow RT : Homemade treats are great. can pack + ship those goodies for loved ones.
We utilize twitter 4 advertising our clients products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
ha - we agree with that one!
#ChildAbuse deaths are preventable
A stumbling block to the pessimist is a stepping stone to the optimist. -Eleanor Roosevelt
I have to silent my phone and turn upside down so I don't see the notifications! I wake up at odd times just to see who played!
If you weren't so strong you would have let go a long time ago.
Vikings owner Ziggy Wilf calls it an exciting day announcing a new stadium deal has been reached
just added fearless music video to iPhone under Taylor Swift it says 13 videos ;)
“: First show of tour tomorrow in Little Rock, AR w/ Hell Yeah! Atlanta, Apr 7.
Shoutout for Shoutout ? and sorry if you are following me and im not following you back! lemme know :)
thanks for the recommendation. Just started follow
My pleasure, Brad. Thanks for the wonderful tweets.
2 old men tonight asked me if I played golf cause I looked familiar..but I had no idea who their granddaughters were lol
#NewFeds tip3: if you can't answer the question, admit so, that you haven't come across it, but are willing to look into it
That's partly why they built the GT MC in 2011. You should drive one if you get the chance.
-- I'm liking what I see at tapcongress.us ... and I hear the app will be out soon!
I guess I'm not doing that college program at St Peters College this summer.. Oh well.
Nothing is impossible! Stop drinking that haterade
Going to the store late night in pajamas.
If I told you "I love you" everyday, for the rest of my life, that still would not begin to cover just how much I really do.
love those- have been on a hunt for some good lace shorts!
eBooks are really hot right now, and will only continue to gain in popularity. Thanks for using the service!
do open platforms make sense? Wondering why trains can't stop where doors meet railing openings.
#IdFangirlIfJustin called me at 3 a.m. to tell me he loves me.
Of course!
Not to be controversial, but I don't think Pinterest is all that great-Just makes me want things I can never buy
Satisfaction is the best Rolling Stones Tribute show on the planet. Go see them May 4th @ the Pasquerilla Performing Arts Center.
I <3 Sandman!
Ended up running for an hour... I'll rest later!
Think outside "the fold"
such a gorgeous song!
Don' stop believin! Hold on to that feelin yeah!! Street light people oh!!!
#sacscoc What we assess, inputs, processes, outputs, and outcomes.
Swag - Saved With Amazing Grace <3
Tonight's fortune cookie read: "Everybody has Ambitions." It's like they don't even try anymore.
We call them Dine Arounds in the Special Libraries Assn; good way to meet new people/catch up with old friends
#ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou *heart beats faster* why arent you here?!
Lol I guess
Of course!
If you are in Christ, you have a hope that is beyond comprehension, beyond imagination, and beyond anything humanity can create! Rejoice!
I've had so much touchdown candy this year my face looks like Edward James Olmos.
the idol singers?
Never heard of either lol. But I deff wanna see Drake! We should get out tickets ASAP so we can save money & get up close :)
Mason <3 purr
I still can't wrap my mind around how rich you two are
REMEMBER, Lynchburg College's graduation hashtag is #LCGrad. Here's to 500 graduates, ready to change the world!
RT : Releasing "Going Rog," memoir of my time as prez of "What's Happening!!!" fan club as ebook... // missed my chance.
We're New England's most affordable private college (US DoE, 2011), and we're 100% online! ...
Oh, you're good! RT : Boiling the ocean
It's okay Tiago, you're playing great D!
The contents of my refrigerator are comprised of condiments and Malibu.
back in Cincinnati FRIDAY for The Heights Music Festival! we play Christy's Biergarten at MIDNIGHT!
Those look great! thanks for sharing - great use of texture.
I just got major case of mullet envy. It just flowed so beautifully in the wind.
Is the game being aired on TV!!!!
Reppin that shirt
Happy Thanksgiving!!! The first year of Baltimore Bocce was awesome and so was CHC romping of the Don's!!!!
Overheard on 42nd and eighth where is the actual Times Square
Johnny's Hideaway Reason to drink today...it's Vitamin C Day! You know what that means people-Screwdrivers!!!
I wish I could just drop everything and not care. But I can't. 
It is 2012 and i am happy to start this great year. Have a Happy and Prosperous New Year. Remember to Live, Laugh and Love Lots in 2012.
got any winners for me?
I'm on the G.G preview for this weeks episode yay!
Chief Innovation Officer of the State of Maryland, () responding to other panelists.
I can agree with that.
My dad just gave me $ for my starbucks. 5 mins w/ the rents and i'm 16 again!
lololol it just seems like it :p
And we'll be tweeting live from the car ride! It's a far ass drive y'all.
lol xD i'll admit in the beginning i thought Faye was a little crazy but she grew on me as the show progressed :)
you're a poop face for 3 reasons.
do you Wanna do a tinychat with me
So nice to meet you in person
Getting ready to see in the season finale of
Its HERE! May the odds be EVER in your favor! Happy Hunger Games!!!
SEO NEWS: An Open Letter From a Frustrated Outsourced Link Building Author
It's the cheese and summer sausage factor.
We will be there April 8th at GZ and if we get on a certain tour we will be back late April!
no it wasnt u sounded great with all of ur songs (:
*sigh* rather not say lol
"If dignity was money, you could maybe buy a soda."
Gah I hate USA Today. "Should Tebow be unleashed against Steelers?" More like "Should Tebow be lobbed at/flop around/get his ego checked..."
i wish i could go to texas!
Watching Hangover 2 with Patrick. One of the funniest movies. lol Aahhaha. Im stuck in an elevator. lmfaoo
I'll try to!
Stop by booth #117 and learn how you can give your business a competitive edge by customizing your SugarCRM
No... but if you're forced to watch it over and over again, you'll find it eventually grows on you. ;-)
& how big is that air mattress you own?
check out Jacksons on Saturday if you can! Good times.
Did you know? Kids eat free w/adult meal purchase from 3 to 6 on Sundays! Bring the family and take the night off!
Gotcha. Thanks for your take on that. I was thinking the same thing.
Join us in room #3 for panel w/ John Aristotle Phillips: You have the voter list. Now what? #C&E
Follow me at and get all the updates on my new pilot and website!
520 bridge tolling is ON. $2.80 now. $3.50 at 7am. Plus another $1.50 if you don't have the Good to Go transponder.
I started my essay !(:
#Gameday The HPA season is winding down, but the Tiki Trophy is up for grabs at Ascot! 0-4 lead line!
Things may not turn out the way we have planned it but it's taking you on the path to your destination
I've told him that! But he feels he's wrestling against WP's blogging tools.
I'm never eating armadillo eggs from humperdink's again. I'm regretting life right now :/
Thanks. Sad day.
Could you please turn the heat lamps on? It's getting chilly and I'm kinda a wimp.
I don't see how this is a useful statement to make. I'm pretty hard core Christian and I don't think liberals want THAT.
Thank you!! :D
Blade Runner sequel officially greenlit.
thanks for speaking at Hamilton Baptist Church today
Is Wade's first name supposed to be one or two syllables?
#youknowyouraswimmerwhen you are hungry every 5 seconds, always tired, dont have a social life, and smell like chlorine.
You can't be missing if nobody's looking for you in the first place.
- Would have been very cool.
Thank you for meeting with us. We appreciate your help! Have a great weekend...
blah blah blah!
Yum.... Turkey Chilli
The akward moment when you realize kelso and jackie made the same movie with different people #fwb and
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. -Helen Keller
almost over? City ahead 3-2? Not sure espn mobile is updating.
My battery is at 50% & its barely gonna be lunch.
I'm turning on every light in the house tonight at 830PM eastern.
Hey, thanks - that means a lot. I look forward to your blogs as well. We are lucky for the inexhaustible supply of fodder!
Let the beating begin.
you and your crew did amazing!!!!!!
Hey hey ...I made it to Raleigh lady. Staying in North Hill until Wednesday late morning.
Playing solo piano at the Arroyo Chop House tonight in Pasadena, 7-11pm.
Gotta love a conference that doesn't squeeze every last dollar out of floor space. Beautiful exhibit hall.
Went w/ the Champion Fries... and I'm STILL FULL! lol. Hope you had a great day! Thanks for the suggestion :o)
My mom just forced me to cancel my order of edible arrangements because she doesn't want fruits .... It's my gift to you so shut up 
Instead on one album every couple of years and a few singles, its three albums a year. When did this arms race thing get underway?
Celebrating easter with the family and
Mark, some of these callers today, are certified cray cray!! LoL!
I fall way too fast. That's my problem.
Check out "the Imagined Life". Steve T. & Diana castle. They train you to work like the Leonardo Di caprio's etc.
just sent a "Health Literay Quarterly Newsletter" to 500+ peeps. You read that right - "health literay" right in the subject line!
I love Fridays. Absolut/Sprite and Mass Effect are a GOOD MATCH.
Do you have a CCNA Voice certification and are looking for something perm? If so, let's talk.
well of course!
Generations streaming is down. Had a powersurge earlier. Working on getting it back up
Cat Note2self: The guinea pig likes to sleep once in a while. I will not watch him constantly.
I'm gonna be shocked if this one didn hit. Two of the six numbers are 23. Lotta MJ/Lebron fans out there.
anyone else notice that since twitter began, overreaction and over dramatization is up in the virtual world. People make mistakes ya know
BREAKING - TV reporting child hurt during suspicious incident linked to Parrish Medical Center, where white van with bullet holes is parked
Love it! #Orioles RT : Yep, can't stand that a**hole!
Omg best thing ever just happened. I won a freakin collab with digitalmunchies!!!!
Ok, I'm out y'all ! Had way too much fun yo ! Can't wait to be back out here in a month.
I miss you Boo ♥
Thanks to Cheryl Ball for her workshops and conversations this last week. She continues to be a great friend of the Studio.
Who entered school already? c:
Harley Davidson is on-site for a photo shoot! Awesome!
I miss you too!!
Tis great news ! Yes..
You ain't a Pimp nigga ur a Fairy .
Dj Cyn spinnin at CopperTop bottom of peak 9 in Breck startin in 15 min come get a beer after u shred
First game of the season tommaro.
'Bout time!
Happy Easter! May love and love ones surround you today.
Do you have a special St. Pat's Day coffee? The parade is Saturday,Good coffee and parades are a great match!
Happy Monday! What did everyone think about the Steelers game?
RT : Your miracle lies not in the past nor the future, but in your complete acceptance and embrace of this moment.
Scotty! What would I do without you, my comp nerd : ) I thought of u today when I dropped my laptop case lol
Hi! I'm an equal opportunity chocolate eater for sure :)
I hear you. Companies will step up the analytics and push harder on ROI, but I don't see a decrease on the horizon.
Sweet Juice
Haven't tweeted for a minute where's the
IP Cameras allow you to make sure your recorded video is safe by storing it at a location that only you can access.
Eating the Halloween candy before the Trick or Treaters take it all >
babes what do you think ? lmaooo
.RT : Ask & you shall receive.
how goes it today??
Buckeyes in the fridge and cake in the oven. It's been a domestic evening.
Bubba Watson = no swagger
Lololol Maybye.? I Did Then Saw Me Nd She Was Finna Whoop Me
I feel like she always does though
No base runners have reached base for the Mariners thru 6.
#ThingsIveLearned Harry Styles will never follow me
"You have to do it yourself, no one else will do it for you. You must work out your own salvation."
Feel sorry for the guys out there.
What's your favorite hot sauce on the market?
who will be 1,000 follower? RT : one more until steak dinner. Double butter!
can I have some??
just finished the last of 7 full pages of math homework which i've been working on since last thurs... yayyyy
best of luck ! I've ran it twice .. Yes very flat. Have fun !
yep. just comfirmed its WITH you..shit sorry. ignore the previous tweet.
Our very own Pati Schmitt is speaking today at Bing Lounge about Compliance Challenges: New Regulations & Recurring Themes
nsta is costing me $1k. Thinking the same thing.
very excited to have you on board!
on my way lol
walkin around after gettin off a treadmill is the weirdest feeling
yea baby
Great reminder Denny! Have a great one!
sadly. Lol On my way! ;) How was work?
Thanks for the RT and thanks for following!
At The Tasting Room in Reston Town Center What great wine!
YES!!! More pics:)
lol ya of course. Love her!
From a CR listener: "Awesome music selections; great job! I have a special needs daughter that loves it, also. :-) Many thanks!" Nice, huh?
Fucking hate the rain :(
But sure, haters, O's statement is meaningless. </snark> RT : RNC statement: vigorously defends DOMA, calls for constit. amendment
Favorite quote of the day: "He that lives upon Hope will die fasting" - Benjamin Franklin
Starting new internship tomorrow!
big hugs.
Awesome, sounds like a plan.
Dang it was busy at the grocery store today! Why is it that when I need to shop, other people have the same plan?! It's #nuts !!
Super Offer from Sonic #Baltimore Buy one 12" Sonic Coney, get one FREE. Also 2day balloon artist, Mr. Limeade, several T-Shirt giveaways.
So I am all for supporting movies that features African American but that movie was horrible
What kind of bud did you smoke today?
Getting ready to watch X Factor! LOVE IT! It's good for the soul...
already Ma! We need to put one in the air....
TANGER AT #WESTGATE DEAL CLOSES. GROUP OF LENDERS INCLUDING ISTAR CONVEYS 36AC IN RELATED SALE.
My new saying is gonna be "don't be a Todd"
oh my GOD, Karen you just can't go around asking people why they're white.
It depends on the type of procedure. Today most all sx spine procedures can be done using a minimally invasive approach.
ha! We were kinda dressed alike last night! I wonder if we'll match again tonight??? Lol
I really need to finish #soundandthefury. I have no idea what's going on :/
Raise your hand if you're playing the Beastie Boys right now.
Well that's not surprising!! -__-
presenting tomorrow at 10am Room W206A playful literacy activities
Going to the north shore :)
I wanna live at the beach <3
Great show! Caught it here in LA!!! Fela Kuti changed the world!
1st Fridays at from 7-10pm. Music workshop and performance. All ages welcome. Sounds like fun!
Will be tweeting my Health Economics class today... as assigned. ;-)
Check out the #Texas aerial photo business "Its a bird, its a plane; no, its just Erick taking some photos of #CRE"
Why Have Your Party Risk A DUI or Worse...Have US Drive Your Party Home...www.chicago-partybus.net
Thanks for the ALA RT. You're super!
Dead car came back to life...lets see how long it lasts
Oklahoma City. Please Don't Forget About Our $35 Vehicle Unlock Service. We Guarantee you won't find a cheaper price in town. 219-4612
We ordered ours through FSR, Inc. here in Cville. They're an approved UVA vendor, which we had to use, but they do good work.
Memberships?? Please contact Head professional Ann Bloomfield or Director of Golf Becky Iverson for more information. 608-244-1822
Ordered 2 giant menorahs for the malls in Atlanta! Spread the joy!
Off to Philadelphia. My goal is to touch the liberty bell with a hand covered in cheesesteak grease.
Me too
where yall at
Getting sleepy
Oh priorities!!!!
Fans in the Ft Pierce area...get over to Fenn Center and join us at the Ft Pierce Chili Cook-off.
You still picking your feet in Poughkeepsie?
Agreed, but thats why we have a free version. You should check it out
where you at big bro?
The key is "almost" forgot. ;-)
I am never gonna change my background 1. Because I love it 2. Because the picture is on my other computer and I can't find it anymore:(
ah I love him! He's hot lol
Having a great time on set of Rob Owen's "Another Breath" music video, what an amazingly great crew!!
Oh wow, that does sound like a great evening! RT : Started with an Indochine, finished with Kelly's Sgt. Pepper. So good!
why is the mound looking dry tonight?
I need one of those signed!
Don't change on me. Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever. - Tupac Shakur
still coming off of last night's show--so much fun you guys. THANK YOU to everyone who came!
Oh crap I didnt do homework :3
Having dinner with Mom at her house.
lovely weekend at the lake house now back to reality
No problem
Reading and saw Seagate Momentus recommended as upgrade for hard drive. Any experience with this? Sorry for Twitter bomb
Where do you post proofs that a customer hasn't chosen when you know it's not always the art work that disagrees with the client, perhaps m…
Made it to Philadelphia. Not the best flight I've ever had, but I guess it worked.
a 9 ft russian catfish
RT I eat healthy and exercise but its the COLD FX that prevents me from being sick SHUTT UP
So, I'll just pull the stick out of my bum, shall I?
well not that I'm not enjoyin u. But I must get dressed an go eat sumthing. Hav a gr8 nite sexy!
Professor of the year ar msu-robert forrester-congrats!!!
(Me = hardcore genealogist + web dev + data dork + former data journalist at a newspaper -- so I feel your pain.)
Time to go home!
I need to get me a girlfriend before shit gets real......on 2nd thought...i dont know about all that...haha
I'm celebrating the beginning of the #nats season by watching How Do You Know? It's not quite Pride of the Yankees, but I guess it'll do
Congrats to for his Grammy nomination ... Next year :)
Try to see "Newsies" you'll love it.
No joke when family members are ill & they need your help. I need some herbal tea. Stat!
My bad, I didn't know it was cute to correct some one on spelling .. This is twitter not english
na he nice, that's my dude
Going to bed crazy day but someone got me through it thanks
I was upset earlier and my mom says,"I think the answer is that you should shut up and start writing."
Red Ring of Death on my NEW Sony BRAVIA XBR HX929 3DTV! Only 3 months old and its the 2nd TV. On hold w/Sony for over an hour now.
Laying of twitter for the next few days for fear I'll die of #SXSW envy. Later tweeps!
"I didnt mean to do it" (You didnt mean to do it?)
How im done spa...they must have spiked my wine..lol
smell of defeat =.=
In Cincinnati posted the most jobs to for Jan-Feb
it seems like you notice everyone but me.....#neversaynever right?
hi :) hello good morning....or good afternoon :) love you <3
Portland is too small.
can't wait to see the commercials
If you love life, life will love you back
thank you for following me :'D <3
My Catherine Cookson and I are getting along famously :P I'm very tempted to start a collection of my own
Warren Buffet has all the respect from me in the world now. Stop Coddling the Super-Rich
looking forward to seeing you back on the course
damn wat class is that so i can avoid it next semester lol
Where's my boy at???
"Then Jesus said, 'Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they do.'" Luke 23:34
Hi mahomies. I know you tweet 24/7. This phone is gonna blow up with mentions & dms(; but keep it up, he like's them(:
pineapple is in like the top 3 for pizza toppings, are your people crazy? lol
I'm so weird that i kinda scare myself sometimes... (;
perfect! Thank you :) and yes i can
Good morning #ilvolovers have a wonderful day ^_^ I love you all team + Mia team <3 <3 be safe
The Discipline Review Committee recommended that the university change its standard of proof to "clear and convincing evidence" today.
Fabulous. Have a busy day ahead, but otherwise fabulous.
Come on rickie! You can do it! Back to back victories?! #yesplease #lovehim ⛳
Hawks, Sixers, Spurs! Pacers tomorrow :D
To all the students who drop out of high school: Remember two things, 1. You tried your best. 2. I don't like onions on my Big Mac.
I think they should've named the show "Soul Patches"
Yepnope is obviously Republican at heart; less taxing on the tubes... Could it be the library that unites us all?
A bad workman always blames his tools.
I park & ride from Crossroads, Cab it to and from park & ride.
Since I'll be living on the street and no job. Hope and Change didn't work! And I didn't even vote for the bastard!!!
Webbie - you a trip
Love! RT : A mentor is someone who allows you to see the hope inside yourself. Oprah Winfrey
YOU R AMAZING!!!
“ new rappers is cool but we still bump biggie - #ripBIG”
In other news, the Ying Yang Twins played a frat party at Elon this weekend. It's a long, hard fall off the billboard charts.
It's never easy with the Joker.
vs. good old fashioned beer fight. 4/8 Tues. 7pm. 12 amazingly hard to find beers. 1 coveted chalice!
Im such a f'n lady!!
You're honestly the weirdest person I know, and that is why we are friends
And one the bright side I have good friends....and you now not having me as a friend have no one
#SMPP I wanna be a shaker!
but i guess its better then me saying ba da ba ba da im lovin' it OVER AND OVER
ILL & Document Delivery will be down Sun 3/18 6pm until noon Mon 3/19. ILL and article requests will be unavailable during this time.
Approval plan tackled. Snack time and catching up on
The moment your born you have less time to live your life. It's time to start living your life.
How about pumpkin apple cinnamon waffles? Too much?
Some people are like Slinkies - not really good for anything, but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.
Lord help us all, is driving the 1st leg of the trip home!
looking at your suitcase and expecting it to pack itself
Oh awesome! Which pie of ours did you try?
Craig T. Nelson and Michael Ironside (the best bad guy ever)
Been a busy day today. I foresee a busy weekend ahead as well!
Early light of morning & I'm buzzed on Kombucha. Great way to start the day. =)
Was just about to suggest the Grove. Want to meet in front of the Apple store? :)
1/2 price sushi & drinks is still available until 6pm! See you there-
I've never put that theory to the #test, but I'll try most anything once.
Well, you are in Texas. ;)
Finally finished the invisible bridge by Julie Orringer. Where are my tissues?
is Syracuse still around?
this is real hair , my shit is NOT allowed to be pulled .. you can rub yours hands through it tho' ...
I've been on wordpress very often. Oh boy. I guess I like writing more than 140 letters.Tingly fingers...carpal tunnel.
Getting ready for our free week show on sat 1/7
Injustice may be eradicated, but human clashes and natural boundaries can't be removed.
you cant hate on another nigga grind, cuz when you do you just slowin yo hustle down
No kidding. That could cause someone a heart-attack, thus creating an even higher bill! HI reform, where are you?
YUM. I can't wait to try that!!
Jake Cody and Sam Trickett Lead European Poker Awards Nominations
The first 10 ppl to DM there Full Name, Phone Number and Email get a free photo shoot courtesy of YKMD RT
I would wake up every night and eat a fist full of TUMS. Ice cream also helps.
After 5 days, I've almost recovered from doing pull-ups. Time to do pull-ups again!
so guess who got a solo in invisible?
Can anyone explain the appeal of Taylor Swift? It boggles the mind...
Last day to book an appointment for today (8/15) and receive 30% off any and all services! Call now and mention this tweet!
Follow your heart Mel. Don't be sucked in!
Good morning guys. Let's tweet? Today is International Kissing Day and Happy Superbowl Sunday to you! x
Even after 3 years since my divorce it still breaks my heart when I drop off my son knowing that I will not be able to see him in days.
#myfavoriteartist is whoever painted Sir Cadagon. That dude is funny.
Get back in my life or atleast Skype lol
no problem! If i was iin your situation, i would want someone to help me(:
Don't let anybody tell you that you're not loved. Don't let anybody tell you that you're not enough.
Thanks for sympathies! Nothing antibiotics can't cure but still. That sh*t is nasty!
yay!! =) <3 you should totally check out my music?
is fucking ridiculous. They'll make a mistake, blame it on you and treat you like a goddamn criminal. Way to run your business
When did Tom Cruise become a archery expert
Today I am finally graduating with my Master's degree from Appalachian State University! Yippee!
I want to get into Entertainment Law. I wish I knew someone with connections!
Yay!!! So excited!
I could never be a working mom. Or a staying home mom. Simply put, I could never be a mom, period. ;)
Im moving forward with my life without hesitation *Ms. Spicy
MT : Kathy Nickolaus answering Q's as she hands out 1st results. #wunion #p2 || What the HELL is she doing handing out ANYTHING?
where were they doing them
If you'd like to call us, we'll be happy to get an order all set up for you. 888-937-6677
I don't know where you going, but get yourself back ho-O-ome!!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers
We could either pick them up or you could drop off Let us know what works best via email:
Next conventions are geek media expo and sugoi con! Check em out.
They never do. Haha, same stuff happens to me too! #tallgirlbenefits 😊
I judge other women based on what I can see under bathroom stall walls...like gross get a pedicure or damn get some new shoes this decade
Wish I could take a pill that would numb the pain I feel from missing my husband he is traveling.
Dotel enters with a 3-1 count, two men on and the winning run at the plate.
sounds great! We will enjoy having you here
Headed to gym to put in 1st workout of the year ...LEGS.... In case u didn't know it don't count unless u drop it below the knees....
I need to get drunk & shake my ass with tomorrow <3
like who needs gfs/bfs when you're roommates are so freakin great!
Wow, I never knew I had so many fans. You all are so great. Now let's see another #Packers win!
We loved it but sorry we didn't know it was going on till now! Great conversations!
Happy Birthday to all the Marines out there
I'm bringing all the panelist books the sent me for more LAYAPALOOZA prizes! See you soon. xo
Follow & || Exclusive Events || Beautiful People
Yes, I cant wait to do EVERYTHING!! No sleeping 4 me while in the Bay!!! ;)
6 hours 37 minutes till #Revenge!!
Yea, I totally just got retweeted by Ric Flair.... Just sayin.
yo im a big fan of your music keep up the good work
Ahh! I wanted to go to that!!
Deidra don't send me any spam, let's at least get to know each other first. Or I may have to get the chains on you nice ass
Playing draw something at 2AM is always fun especially when you start laughing really loud because the picture 'kind of' looks inapropriate
I'd rather live a life of "oh wells" than a life of "what ifs".
Sounds like a great night to me. Happy early birthday!
Doing my VMware sales training - module 5 and I FINALLY get some information about the technology as opposed to the company!
JUST BLOCK THEM AND YOU DNT HAVE TO LISTEN OR DEAL WITH IT!
New haircut? FYI, & I may be coming down this wknd, talking to some friends abt a Zoo trip if you & are free
Heh. Doesn't sound too bad to me RT Thanki No eye contact or anything that requires turning one's head.
The best time for planning a book is while you're doing the dishes. Agatha Christie
Thank you ^__^
If you are a dog and your owner suggests that you wear a sweater suggest that he wear a tail. Fran Lebowitz
My cock is like a shark. It's great, it's white, it comes when you are least expecting it
would love to see this but I got an error clicking through
I went to my nieces 3rd birthday party today. She looked at me and went "Where's biebers?" we both love you♥
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy. A chance of showers. Mainly after midnight. Lows in the mid 60s. South winds 5 to 10...
Shoutout to and #maengl! Model for social reflection space.
I gave +K about Unicorns on - I guess they really are experts on Unicorns!
Let's goo chicago bulls!!!
almost done with school... i don't feel like doing hw anymore
ePub session at #stc11 is standing room only
hahahahahaha(: my finger hurts): I touched the bottom of a cookie sheet right after it came out of the oven... Accidentally :/
But I understand now, it's always gonna be my fault at the end of the day.
We are on iTunes, finally. Go see for yourself!
No way McGehee makes that throw.
I don't know how on PSP
#inmiddelschool I would get suspended if I didn't wear the uniform
The Michael Jordan #ESPN commercial is brilliant!
The beta test is now full. Thanks to all that signed up to help out.
I can't wait until tdwp's Zombie EP comes out:D
In Clarksville Tennessee :) about to sleep I love this state its one my favorites :)
Keep your feet on the ground and your thoughts at lofty heights. -Pilgrims
Follow that dude Alastar
Fuck this. #goodnight 
We're really close to 3,000 followers! Won't you help us get there today?! RT! Thanks!
Old creeper walkin down the aisle and I have no clue what he said #Some1TellMe!!
Back at my middle school AlmaMater..
surprisingly yes, sounds silly to me
7th period. Finally ♥
HR-Rod is so bad.
I'll likely get a little time in tomorrow but not much haha
meh, I'm not that interesting
When I'm 25 I'm gone really be Bossed up...Forreal
I had a blast my bday celebrations has ended
DeAngelis coffee is roasted fresh every Wednesday. When was yours?
She's got broken things where her heart should be.
I#saywhatyouneedtosay #fuckyoujohnmayer correction your phone is dead :)
Still even in the English coverage (which has gotten much better) it doesn't seem to be as big of a talking point.
4 hour S'n'S meeting
Don't miss the women's basketball game tomorrow at 4 in the Al McGuire Center!
high school isn't as bad as it seems, don't freak outt!
(C) the best body.. now that I actually have a boyfriend and friends? You really want to switch me to a school that has beautiful girls (c)
Carlos Marmoul just blew a 3 run lead in 9th
A_Burkey Miss Burkey where you at?
Water is falling from the sky!!!
I hate Betty now more than ever.
It's where I met (and married) ! Chicago is spreading the love for the city. What do you love about Chicago?
Last day of being a middle schooler. Gosh, that went fast.
I loved your artwork shown on #SOS. Will you be having an East Coast show anytime soon? You were also luminous on the finale.
daaaaaaaamnnnnnnn. I didn't see that coming
huge ups to the best people in the world showing up for a great cause.
in btls. Only a couple of cases left.
I wants to thank you with the endeavors you have produced in publishing this article.
you know when you look at something, then you get pissed off because you looked at it? yeah just did that, fucking rad.
Good morning hope every1 has a wonderful day and gr8 week.
- This Summer Gone Be A Mess .
do you have suggestions for places to visit while I'm in Cork, Ireland next June?
she was fine when i left school
Just saw cows getting it on..ew.
If they target some more kid friendly activities, then I'm sure you're right.
TY you for the Photography Blog mention
well you know...'if you like it then you should'a put an egg on it!'
And we LOVED worshipping with you all, too! Such a blessing!
I read the part in your book where you had to explain "Vanilla" to your mom. I lol on the train. Hilarious.
Im loud because if im not, no one will here me!!!!
Awesome link.
Is everyone purposely trying to piss me off? Because you all are doing a pretty good job.
The time has come. Tomorrow I need to find playoff tickets. Good work #indianapacers. Proud to be a fan.
Grateful for wonderful friends and family who make it all worthwhile!
No bow ties in the pics I saw. And it depends on what you consider a beard.
I am sure it will soon be announced--sad news coming
#TheMasters green jacket has been returned to the common man. Congrats
#CUBUFFS win this game. I'm callin it
If u niggas so real ..why yall gotta keep reminding everybody all the time
not bad all! Who should I ask for when I drop by? Any time after 2 works for me.
Yep! Not giving up. Not by a long shot. :-)
We like it!
thank you!♥
I think about doing it regularly...
So true MT : A1: Students exposure to cloud will only make them better equipped to be stellar IT professionals
picture of champions! Go
Thank you for listing!
#fridayreads Don't Kill the Birthday Girl by Sandra Beasley.
#broncos are going to fire him if he doesn't produce down the stretch i think RT : Done in Denver? Broncos' McDaniels under fire.
Hitachi 2TB Touro Desk Pro Desktop Hard Drive - hitachi
Would love to hear u interpret "Sunday Will Never Be the Same." Such an achingly sad song, but original so up-tempo.
SVT's 20th Anniversary! Will never buy a different performance vehicle!
What would happen to your pet if something were to happen to you-Have you made those plans?
“: That extremely annoying moment, when you're behind a slow walker & there's no way around them” Just Like Work!!'
website isn't working?
I can't watch that shit. I refuse. I'm done.
How much studying...
$ I Thnk i just invented Twitter Yoga! $$$ And Five and a half hour twitter energy drink!!! Million dollars Mill more. YESS!
Steve Ballmer just walked in...
Artest (World Peace) just sad and crazy now. no actual talent left.
RT if you're already counting down to your Warped Tour date.
even sleeps "flawlessly". He may be the Most Interesting Man in Richmond. Hope your run was amazing as well!
did I see you on the.jumbotron???
Man i never check my voice mail 📩
Wait a minute? Since when did Bristol Palin become a "Star"? You gotta be kiddy me! Well one more show that I'll never watch again.
:D I Can't Go A day without Listening to #BubblegumBoy Love it!!!!!!!!
I've said it before I'm saying it again ... I really need to create an anonymous twitter account
#early bird catches the worm..#let's Kayuh..
My friend sent a letter that i wrote to you,without me knowing,she asked you to draw me a duck... Did you get it??
In #Norfolk for Virginian Railway research. Lots of railroad-related appointments. (hint: it's for a special exhibition Summer 2012)
Breathe Carolina - Blackout
for real dough! You just wreck like that! LOL. :-¡
At the #Dodgers game :D
Thank you so much <3 oh, I changed my name again. o.o
going to the mothafuckin aquarium today !
anyone considering OccupyD65?
Joe the Plumber reported to be "fluid" on several key issues of the campaign. Does that make him a liquid plumber?
I need to talk to nephew Cameron Whalum who plays my instrument the Trombone
We're looking forward to another great show with you tonight :) Can't wait to rock out at Township!
Happy to have called a Big Comeback by Ridgewood in Girls Lax on MSG VARSITY!!!!
wtf why did no one tell me that thomas kinkade died??
absolutely. perfect.
We are ready, come on down!
Somtimes i wish they would die
I got my first mosquito bite last night!
Chicken isn't even that great.
I had a worse incident. Let's say me naked and running out the shower haha
if u want it to be
eh hahahah. I'm going to sleep night!:)
watch out Minneapolis... we are coming your way in December! Joel found a house for us to rent today
it was when logan got slapped in the face>>HAHAHAH lol but don't get me wrong i like all of u!
Flash flood warnings in la area... #thunder i dont like it at all im under the cover worm
yea till tuesday night cuz im playing for graduation
Another crazy workout this morning. Feeling the endorphins flowing!!
": I got a 433/450 on the math cahsee (;" i got 448 (;
I would take the deal. Harper won't last...trade him while he has a high value.
I know at least 3 people who went to Melbourne last week. Did you go for the convention?
this y 6th time watching this video & it jus dropped smh dope ass video
Thanks, Mari. I hope you have a really nice weekend!
It's hard for me to believe a guy will hold on when the one I loved let go after I held in ;( it would of been 5 months yesterday
Baking them! 1st rise was unimpressive. RT : dunno but I'd still bake them. Did they do well for the first rise?
I also feel the need to show after I start swearing too ;)
np! I need more followers! Help me get to 1k! xoxoxo
Put In Good #WORK Today Proud Of Myself! :)
you are my ispiration....you are prfect girl <3 please follow me
Off To School! :)
The best relationships are faithful relationships
what's the current magic number? 40?
Hogsett also would not comment on ongoing investigation into potentially 100 more victims
Get the NO Bullying patch for free order your teams Varsity jackets now!
that's funny dumbass like he's in a freakin rodeo or something
Did everyone enjoy their 3 day wknd?? We'll help you get back to the grind w a $5 Gyros sdwch for lunch today!
I just want to hold your hand and just be cute with you forever . ❤
Who's going to be at #comiccon today?!
Omg last night >>>>>
I'll second that! RT "had a great time at the Nutcracker with and "
TY for the #FF and your kind words! I appreciate you.
The nba needs to fast foward to the playoffs
Yup he's the one in my picture with me (:
I'm feeling better--as is Laura. We're at her maternal grandparents for dinner. Still coughing a bit-but better than yesterday.
#StepItUp Rudy Gay, he just needs to get his shooting percentage and assist total up! He needs to be a lot more efficient!
Making big time changes n my life to get Jenolo up and running
i do
I wanna kiss in rain ^__^
Lmao RT Bosh is so Stupid for taking a step back 3 pointer with the game on the line
I can only assume that image itself was some kind of 4chan prank
A5pt2: i also hate when i hear myself saying "um" or "like" - i try to avoid it but i still say it & then also yell at myself
The Reunion Tour is on!
I cant with school anymore.
I can't stand really tall people that wear 5 inch high heels, seriously leave the heels to the short people that actually need it like me!
Some crenos and a polar pop is about to be delicious.
next weekend will be fine
short girls are hot! Guys like feelin like their girl needs protection...(taller girls are scary ~_~)
Need some emergency moving help in Portland, Oregon tomorrow AM in NE PDX. If you can help, please email us at . THX!
I just watched Chinatown for the first time last night & wow was Jack Nicholson a handsome SOB.
didn't u start prop d? Flip flipping later
Everything you need for travel, all in one site! Book air, hotel, car, cruise; buy travel wear, get passports & Visas. www.FreeXpedia.com
why wait till spring? Adopt now :)
Brooklyn kids turn jungle gym into "play jail" - www.cityroom.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/03/24/a-jail-for-children-stirs-a-ruckus-in-brooklyn/
I've been reading a lot over my break, but now I'm weeding since it's a dry day.
I am cool,
Back to NOLA tomorrow. Glad to have seen some snow but not glad that it kept me from family. I do not think there is an emoticon for that.
I didn't get to see the international show once god damn it
Tell you're friends they want to be part of our army on Twitter.
Check it out! All new! www.abrownbaggourmet.com
This is by FAR the worst day at work! :(
Blames for my new obsession with Angry Birds
Split pea soup. Nice and thick. Add seasoned croutons before serving.
Beasting on the riesling at the hotel bar... strangely enough, it is not making me feel like a badass.
Sis. Hope talking about the Pacers in her message today .. Cheering on the Pacers...
thx :) RT Love life and live fully. ~ #quote ♥
Ice cream & Cheetos , (:
Your welcome!
What are you doin right now? Fifa? What is doin? Wanna chill for a bit?
& pay your fukin beeper bill biiiich !!!
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day :3
Just got back from walking with my F-R-I-E-N-D-S at a garage sale... bought the cutest piggy bank. :) Getting ready for a b-day party. <3
go to hell!!
ENKG... L2 SIMPLY AMAZING!!! SLAP THE ASK AND WERE OFF TO DOLLARLAND!!!
Mn air national guard airmen return home to excited family members
#ThanksPaulForBabysittingOurHomosexuals <----Hahaha, I just laughed at this trend.
no iam not pretty......but yeah hey I forgot to ask what hall are u on?!?!? And can't u wait till Friday I m spoon exite
Burritos w mole and horchata!
Hey there.....how are you? How are classes going???
sorry if i cant follow u back!
Chocolate. Just do it. Spain's Valor, Sweden's Fika and the UK's , all available at The Chocolate Library.
I want to meet u
Ya I can see that. I actually only remember bits and pieces, Black Dahlia is pretty forgettable, Hollywoodland is decent though.
Learn tonight a key element most network marketing opportunities are missing. call 1-507-726-3420 then 21265#
revised: stuck in traffic b/c of obama's motorcade; ironic since i'm in boston, not dc
MT : How do you institute classroom management in an environment where a student's parent directly threatens you harm?
awwe well im here if you ever need to talk about anything<3 just hit me up
you were hilarious! Yes, I would. What time does it start?
awh that sucks... So what arts have you trained in though before your injury?
Part of her RD 2 recovery is being honest
Good luck this wknd! Can't wait for the first race RT : SCCA PDX at Summit Point this weekend! First time in the car in 2012
isn't there an APP for that? haha jk
RT : 'The pursuit and attainment of intellectual enlightenment cannot be judged by numerical tests.' - Vera Brittain
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Treat her like a friggin lady you dicks.
If I had a gun.. you don't even wanna know lmao
thanks Denise, great article. I'm a big fan of the Washingtonian!
Yes, she was alone! And beautiful as a brunette, wearing lots of bling too (but didn't look at the ring finger!) Xchanged smiles :)
Love the calm outside after the storm. Lattes and cinnamon rolls it is.
my friend.You are a part of the reason I am now on Twitter. Hope all is well w/ Jen, the boys & work. Happy New Year!
That would be great come in anytime!
oh gosh no!! Hahah I should've thought that out better
“: 5 days til xmas? wtf!”right??? I just said the same damn thing
Today is CWSL Halloween Auction and dress-up day, and we forgot our costume! Any last-minute suggestions for law-related Halloween costumes?
#sschat, thank you! I always feel lost!
Finally got this warping thang down in Ableton Live
#Christie tries to rally support for tax cut by calling legislators hypocrites for questioning his fiscal responsibility
My body hurts ):
"[B]y tradition" is probably good enough for this particular use case. Thanks!
#askjosh Josh, you skyped me one time but then hung up...i was wondering why?
I suspect it's possible the owners of the condo I rent may be facing foreclosure. Nothing definite. Will be fun to see how this plays out.
Great show tonight! Were all sweaty and limber ;)
you gone on be on my mind 60% of the time <3
OH HAY DERE
:D!RT : Shoutout to for coming threw this morning !
true? Haha cant tell. ;)
Treat yourself by healthfully tricking your tastebuds. Satisfy your sweet tooth with herbs infusions like Anise, Licorice, Stevia or Vanilla
Glow-in-the-dark bodysuit or homemade Mau5head? RT just spent about 4 hours crafting for
hi hun how r u today see u soon on #loyalsaturday xo
Maybe I'll have to do something a little less risky right before I leave. Birdwatching? :)
I wonder how long is my brother will be staying with me . He need to start looking for a apartment now.
“: ": That one friend that can make anything funny just by the way they talk" #nickJ” hahaha perfect
much applause for the work you are doing to
"Stupid's in the water these days, they gunna drink it anyway, till they don't know right from wrong." Love Chris Knight's songwriting...
I still might be.
wow I'm so jealous right now D: soo purddyy there, looks like you had fun :]
so we are super stoked to finish our acoustic ep next month : ).
#rampitup #skateboard TRICKS galore! Head down to around 2:00 to ooohhh and ah at the half-pipe demos.
the wrong person went home on #dwts. It's a popularity contest. Gladys has a pretty big fan base. Should vote on best dancers
im gud too.... you own a crown on twitter....
Next weekend may 5 ... #artsinthepark , #obamaRVA , #GoDiscoverRICHMOND, book sale at the richmond library, and
Jessica... I will never sound like Anthony. Trust me
I'll have to work on that next time I see you. =)
we need to go see The Avengers
just a jerk lol
My funniest stuff doesn't get tweeted and is often unsaid. I'm just not that brave. But in my head, folks, I'm one funny chick.
Shut up
I don't think they want to leave the swamp :)
thanks ladies!!!
I hear that! We use tape over the speaker holes!!! Planning any local meet ups?
PLEASE DON'T HURT YOURSELF! I know life may be difficult but it doesn't mean to give up! IT'S OK! YOU ARE NOT ALONE! :'(
some things never change old friend. Miss you! xoxo
Happy birthday Stephanie!
I met this little girly, her hair was kinda curly...RT : It's tricky! It's tricky tricky tricky! RT : This speech is my reci
Thanks for your time and insights today. It was great to finally meet you face to face!
Vasset is actually demonstrating the exercises in her book, and the rest of the panelists and some of the audience joined in.
« « Don't be the guy with 100 girls. #BeABetterMan and have 1 woman while 99 are chasing you. #RealTalk»»
So prom dresses... I kinda still need one
what? you are using twitter too? since when? haha. great to meet you here! are you using weibo too?
Cat daddy! 😉 lmfao.
dang had ta do me like dat lol
Thank you Jim!! It's great to hear from you!
Ready for tomorrow
Absolutely. I think we should start a "No-Digi-Day" challenge to get people off everything electronic a least once a month!
April is tossing rainbows! iConference magic!
Hey everyone, sorry I haven't been on twitter in forever... I feel so bad :(
<3 you're the best
I'm just gonna back down. Ya know? Stop trying & see if you'll step up & text me like you used to. I mean I had surgery & felt like crap and
Thank you for the #FF. Let us know if you have any questions.
Enjoyed the piece. An aspect of trails and highways involves groups of minority descent.
Also, will companies measure and reward innovation? If so, how?
RT Laughter is the corrective force which prevents us from becoming cranks.~Henri Bergson
Anyone want to complain about Vilma's suspension now?
Back at school. I already miss the family and Pei Wei usually covers that though.
you are one good looking Britishspeaking lady ;P
Watching Justified with Viggle Tue | 10PM | FX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Money Team!!!
All these little string figures will be heard again in the last mvmt
RT : An emotional Mariano Rivera told reporters he will stay with the Yankees on their road trip. "I want to be here for the guys."
my future husband will go to every concert, get in every pit, and listen to with me every hour of the day. ok.
i dont think it's something i could charge for…what do you think?
Thanks for all of the RTs.
My Dog and Master is signaling me that my writing is not as important as his pooping. Unfortunately, he's right.
I mean, the blog's called STFUParents -- not STFUBabies.
Comcast can take its customer service and shove it cause my dvr doesnt work and internet & phone didnt earlier this week
": I hate driving every car but mine" same, you have an awesome trunk ;)
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
speak for yourself.
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
It's high it's deep. It's outta here 3-2
“Education is our passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today.” ― Malcolm X
Yaaaaay finished with my paper, but now it can't sleep -_____-!
live music series is amazing. If you are not hip,get hip!
Alternatively, find a London-based UXer who can pass them on. I'd like a full set, pretty please!
better be
even has 100000 followers more than u. It's kind of embarrassing please do something about that thx
Wake up on ur own And look around you cuz you're not alone Release your high hopes and theyll survive Cuz dis is the future and youre alive
Yea it is. The issue around here in Munhall is my friends can't ever get enough people.
now i have to make a schedule! am i that busy??!!
I'd love to attend -- is it happening in NYC or SF?
The "tooth brush holder" serves one purpose...please recognize and conform
I got a new dress for tomorrow, but wait til you hear why...
Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued. - Socrates
how buy i find Notes from a kitchen?. can't find a site that is selling it.
you arent on the floor from this morning still??
Soul Searching returns on Thursday Feb. 16th at Berry Park with Guest DJ Monk-One. 8pm-2am No Cover. Soulful goodies all night.
Beautiful day in #phoenix!
Friday Flow...
Great message today!
i dunno if we can give kids weapons. lol
Spinnin Today at the T-bar bottom of Peak 8 in Breck at 2pm!! Come get some drinks after you shred the hill!!
check your email Bruce.
BEST. MOVIE. EVER!!!!
I love the mobile sukkot that cruises through the north shore of MKE!
Awesome responses from #bloggers! Stay tuned for reposts
The view from from work is breathtaking today! This is the image I shall remember in the midst of winter grey days.
Jeeeezus if Rachel didnt call dibs i take niall! dat voice oh lord.
Follow all the
His love knows no end...
somehow, even though it's officially offered by the Commune of Venice, the "daily toilet card" sounds quite unbeautiful
Big Time Moms :)
I'd love to read a copy when it's 'share ready' as I like to say.
night. Cali misses you
I'm getting better at typing a gut response in social media. Rereading it then deleting. #That'sMaturity. Now to do that with work emails.
I told the flu to flee. It listened beautifully.
Yeah, we'll read em. A few have made there way into the book already.
Me to!
"We are an advocacy group ... (but) you have to be strategic, and you have to have an option" Landmark Society exec director
My thoughts keep me up at night, so caffein keeps me up during the day
Oh, sky looks kinda creepy...
There's a "lie" in believe, "over" in lover, "end" in friend, "us" in trust, & an "if" in life
RT : cannot talk about part of his code breaking because of a non-disclosure agreement with Microsoft
What's the matter Ruth?
#B-rabbit Now everyone from the 313, put your motherfuckin hands up and follow me!!!!..... ;-)p
Jesus died. Here's 3 pounds of chocolate harvested by an 8 year old South American boy.
Definitely a helpful social media session. Good to get down to the nitty gritty of how to build a great campaign.
I want to see more "ade" drink stations.
Yesterday's quote was the first line of "A Series of Unfortunate Events: The Bad Beginning" by Lemony Snicket.
This too, shall pass ...
I hear its a good race. Too bad I'm not into drinking. Ha. :)
Paradise Helicopter!!! Let's go!!!
im upset with u :( tears!!!!
getting ready (:
Calm down.;) Sorry, I had to.
Thanks! No one was sitting near me, so I had all 3 seats in my row to stretch out on. That was pretty cool.
the yellow-grey-white wonderful combo for spring.
loool, you should ;) what did he do?
Happy Monday! What is everyone up to?
... semen into the bladder.
Defy your 'Real Age'...Meditating is Creating Thicker Brain Cells
In Jason Russell's defense, the man was playing an invisible banjo.
Vintage KG tonight he is on fire! Let's go celtics!
Downloaded a free copy of the #LegendofKorra pilot off of iTunes. Can't wait for the rest of the season.
Walk with me to the ragged edge, beyond definition or arbitrary laws, walk with me into the abyss, beyond belief, beyond your walls.
Fuck the UD book store such a fucking rip off
so many prom pictures on my facebook newsfeed...
Going to the city today!! And midnight movie watching the hunger games :)
What a Amazing Day!!!
Austin sprints for outrigger canoe. It feels so incredibly early for a saturday.
i'm just happy to have found someone who wants to kiss me and has a favorite episode of How I met Your Mother.
FREE (TONY G) -- HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRO BRO
It's a matter of contracting/exposing... Give/get is something you do w/ a gift not
Me too -- just saw the Smart Bitches article -- I don't even know what to say!
www.youtube.com/180filmsnetwork or www.180films.com
Tweet, facebook, linkedin Does anyone get any business from these? The FTB just told me I owe taxes cause the average income of R.E agents
You're just giving them ideas. RT : Under Obamacare, you will be forced to marry a gay doctor.
no way?
Good Afternoon!! How r u today??
&&& on top of it, not meaning to, my cheeks get SUPER red & hot when he talks to me..& its NOT a good thing!!!!!
Beanie has more upside, I go with him
Very interested to hear what the manic collective of #Buffalo sports fans have to say after that #Caps loss.
Hmm I don't know? What do you want to do next? :D Lol
Eatin good no ribs showing - E-40
Bring Loveline back to TV pretty please I miss watching it!
Life is sometimes like filing for bankruptcy, forgiveness is a fresh start.
im sorry </3
nope! Yall wish i was over there! But too bad lol
Follow The Mang
I missed the season finale for Grey's Anatomy tonight.
RT Caro is also #1 on the nonfiction e-book bestseller list, for the readers who'd rather not carry around a 736-page hardcover
Gina Dent and Angela Davis now showing photographs from their travels to Palestinian prisons.
what happened to your car ?
I love you and :)
Thanks guys. People can still register for #PetQuest until 5pm CST today. We'll play at 7:00.
Hey Chris - I am a fellow Wellesleyan and would love to interview you for an ESPN Boston piece I'm doing on the Marathon.
Im gonna end up punching someone in the fuckin face by June 8th
Just no attempt to attack, given that containment is unlikely to work
Absolutely Taylor..we will follow!!
#/reasonstobeatyourgirlfriend is a disrespectful trend!!
SEE PRO DOUBLE DIAMOND BASEBALL Polk County vs Tampa today at 7pm @ Lakeland, FL live Broadcast at n-xbl.com
totally agree about being hard to connect.. #pubmedia seems to focus on strategy + branding, too little on "get it done".
Smashing this egg drop soup.
Not saying he will, but if Darvish continues these bad outings how will we tell when the fan yells of "YUUUUU" turn to "BO?"
UK VS KU ON MONDAY NIGHT.
hehehe if the sub's not frustrated then it's either not been on long enough or too long and he's given up.
Insomniacs UNITE
I should get my mom set up with video calls so she can see her chubby grandson in action. Not that there's much action yet.
Have fun! Enjoy your weekend :) RT : Off to celebrate the birth of my standby wife !!!!!!!
probably too dehydrated to keep coaching.
He was actually happy on the flight. And slept a lot! (But I did have to bounce him in the Ergo, pretty much nonstop).
#replacebandnameswithpancakes iwrestledapancakeonce, My Bloody Pancakes, My Pancake Romance :3
playing a show @ Naked Lounge in Sacramento on the 30th! More details soon...
Happy birthday to the GRAND man See you soon in life buddy ;)
Yes, I was a bit confused lol. But I figured it was spam.
No offense to Beastie Boys fans but they joined Rock and Roll Hall of Fame before Rush? Rock and Roll Hall of Fame is now officially a JOKE
#DidChuKno that when you freeze water and after it de-frosts, it produces more water than before
she turned her cants into cans and her dreams into plans.
yes, ask Greg @ 941-232-6892. tell him you got his number via tweet.
yay! okay. let me know! i need plans haha
The conference is getting ready to start. is saying Hi to everyone and introducing the first speakers.
hey justin when will the belibertour?
i love katy but her hair just looks so awkward
What's up, buddy? Long way since the days of D&L Window Tinting at Hamilton! Hope all is well with you, too.
The #badgirlsclub reunion was crazy can't wait for part two.
RT Corny but true: “If you want the rainbow; you have to put up with the rain.”
that such a good question, and the answer is no. lol
Thanks on both fronts! Was shocked by VC reaction but just learning abt that industry now.
Working on a SXSW poster titled ATL gets WEIRD! done because I stay weird!
Still plan on seeing the Avetts in September?
Manila Millions Super High Roller 2012: Biggest Buy-In Ever at HKD$1,000,000
Life is too short to ignore what your heart really wants...
if it dont make dollars it dont make since
yeah... But anyway. I got it for June 1st at 11. Time to practice my parallel parking :)
Sometimes you just have to let go *Deep Sigh* *cries*
"Keep away from people who belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can...
"Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside of a dog, it's too dark to read." Groucho Marx
Morning Twissers! How was your weekend?
Vacated the office to avoid being stuck in the #RVA Grand Illumination. Call me Scrooge...
There is honestly nothing that I love quite as much as helping other people get their shit together. Probably because it distracts me.
wow you werent kidding when you said america had little interest in you guys. just saw the vid when you all were in vegas :/
Hi Janet :)
Presenting on April 6 in Palo Alto:
Where my meatballs at? and Naomi :)
THIS “: I should drive a Chevy because it will survive the apocalypse and a Ford won't? One word, Chevy: Bailout.”
this is good!
Attn barefoot hipster assholes- i am going to start breaking glass bottles on the sidewalk. you are all on notice.
They're the bane of composers' assistants everywhere, I can tell you from experience. /
Happy #RecordStoreDay! What's on your wish list?
I don't like you anymore. ~.~
schools climate denier in audience. Climate change is the infringement on civili liberties, not the govt regs to reduce GHGs.
McDonald's breakfast sandwiches!
And all the ones before said that they would take care of you well really wanna take care of you girl!
What tools do you use to analyze card sort?
its gonna be great!
Dog treats from total hit with the pooch! Always good to have extra incentive on hand
Congrats to you and your teammates. Simply amazing! Can't wait to see you back in the Kohl Center next season.
how long yall been together
Not drunk jay
PCI rules say you should store the CC data securely. But it still lives in a database somewhere... Return/issue/exchange
watching ninja warrior and i just realized japanese girls scream for everything and its annoying me
So what you doing :) ?
no prob T!
Music always calms me down...that's how I know we are meant to be.
do I play McNabb or Hasselbeck? And what 2 out of Forte, Slaton, and Charles?
My cat just darted out of the room when the front door opened. Cracking up lol
are we together or what. I HATE LOVE its so compicated
no. You're still cooler than me. Lolololol
Could #AnnRomney #romney possible be MORE out of touch by spending $990 on a SHIRT?! Feed&house someone!
Are you going to be able to watch the BlackHawks tonight ?
FOLLOWBACK =) YOUR TURN ♥
I know I know I know I'm just saying LA"s not even sweatin them and we never had control against them that's all
I couldn't open the link on why we want GE foods labeled. Please Tweet again, thanks :)
Even the wisest counsel is useless when it is unheeded
In three words, describe your spirituality.
159 of Natural Balance fans like Dunkin' Donuts...LOL!
Good morning #Bachelornation! Who's excited to watch the #bachelorette tonight?!?!?
How can I get #ChrisMarsh to do the costumes for our concert?
if You Love Youre fan You Love Anyway So !! Follow me And Be Friends
#greatidea! :) RT : Somebody's got a birthday coming up! #PartyPie?
"Want people not to notice your ums? Be interesting." I like that. Enjoying and finishing up 's book Um...
I START MY DIET/ WORKOUT MONDAY :)
Mar 27,1942: #Churchill complained that he was noticing a decline in his mental and physical vigour. Not as quick at repartee in Commons.
thanks Nate, appreciate it! let me know what you think
Aight lets go
When the power goes off, you try to flip on lights anyway.
Good to know. RT : Spiders can't spin on webs when they are in a room full of people smoking Marijuana.
Sweet Dreams Love
ending the first job going back to bed and get get ready for my 2nd job have a good one hit when I get off
Had the best birthday weekend in the history of birthday weekends!! Pulled off Miller Park and Camp Randall on Saturday! #winning !!!!!!
really Mary Pat wants to add another vacant to the city rolls. The city already has too many!
take charge indy
S/O To Everyone that Came and Bought their St. Patty's Day shirts and hats Today and not waiting till last minute!
welcome!! I want a pink one!!
#q Q&A: What do people in MLM use to assess the business opportunity financially?
Pattie Happy Mother's day you are such an awesome mother ... You are a role model! I love you!
Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams
About to hit up google to refresh my memory LOL
If you sign up to our referral program, you can earn $100 by simply sending a tweet or posting a simple message on your Facebook Wall.
The problem with the acceptance of fuzzy logic is that it feels natural for us to round things off.
Great Thursday ahead.. starting with a media screening of Emmerich's new film #Anonymous and the #LatinaStyle Business Series event later on
My baby's all grown up and getting a twitter account! Follow for fun old photos and news on history happenings in Philly.
Please RT! Remember to mail your ballots by March 25 & make your vote(s) count! #OneUnion =
The Marlins have made "substantial offers" to both Albert Pujols and Jose Reyes
Lake Dawson to follow? Just curious... Went to high school with him.
Does it really really REALLY need to be this cold in the office?
going against the current. I'm cruel, whether they know it.
A song will outlive all sermons in the memory.
this is wonderful news! Having our own experieriences with #malaria in #Uganda this news is very exciting!
awww miss you too tristan! so much. please let's catch up asap!!! got so much to tell you.
I miss him already and its only been 12 hours *** sighs deeply *** *christina the cuban*
Not a UGA fan, but seeing far more purple and gold in ATL so far today than red and black. Looking like LSU fans might take over the dome.
I never get tired of listening to Man Overboard's album Real Talk.
so , thats the point of twitter :P
Good Friday morning! Exclusive interview w/ documentary film maker who filmed Gov. Walker saying "divide & conquer"
yeah my mavs and bulls not doing so hot either
plzz come.to.northstarr your mahomies wanna see you befor you go
is now using #google+ check it out! Still need an invite for #google+ send a DM and we'll send one your way!
My mom scrubs her fruit with dawn and hot water, but seriously that seems over the top.
I kno I kno I kno we're gona make it ....I promise you...lol >:D
I love playing golf with my brother.
Off to Lambeau Field for a tour of the greatest facility (and team) in sports. Yes I'm from Wisconsin.
I'm sure house parties in the UK are so much better than the US...they suck here
Does your dog smell fucking beautiful too?
Followed you back! (:
good question.
coo coo
I just love going to bed sad especially when I need to get up early, love it.
Good thing Im not 60 that would have been a hip replacement. Lol
Haha you're ultra gay, Thomas. -_-
we'll party together sometime
Didn't realize Memoryhouse rerecorded 'heirloom' for their new LP - much prefer the version from their 2010 EP
id kill for this project to be over already. so. much. stress!!!!!!!!!
Don't tell me you love me and then don't show me no love.
Why Is the Research on Learning Styles Still Being Dismissed? < Because our brain is wired to see patterns, not probability.
“: Now leaving Sheboygan...alive!” phew!!!!
Went running today for the first time in almost a year. All systems nominal and operating within tolerances.
AND the Lebron Slander has Begun... I'm done. Damn haters I tell you
Yesterday I was wearing at tank top and flip flops... Today I am wearing a sweater and scarf!
hey im down to link up. Dm me your number. And wer can i check out ya musik
Just got in a 4 wheeler crash.. I'm gonna have some major
Crazy bones.
I would cite Allison's list in my argument too.
Why don't someone say the Road&Bridge jobs will take 1 to 3 yrs. to be shovel ready, do your home work!
The fountain of youth must be in San Antonio #Spurs are scary good
iowa has MM. go buy us some, you run like the wind.
Exciting day at the Musée Magazine studio despite the rainy weather.
Short version: You're hogging the Internet! Do a crossword or something! Isn't it almost 0400 there?
The Weekend
I'm not gonna lie Hunger Games was really good!
perhaps they are still holding out until the convention unfolds or a deal of sorts???
Thanks for the retweet :D Hope you are doing well and reading comics, we are picking up new ones today.
I Tebow before meals and bedtime, and even on Sundays. Especially on Sundays.
Look out for
Very good news - CNN Poll: #Obama approval rating back to 50% mark for the first time in more than eight months.
With clean graceful lines, the #Maxum deadbolt is as much a work of beauty as it is a symbol of strength
why am i awake right now!!!! hsshgsgakabdkocuywgosbx gaiakhsfqraoxb
that's what's up
would love to, but will be in either Amsterdam or Santa Clara that week
I could, i'll check tomorrow, but boo you come for meal if possible :(
ya because a real man isnt afraid to show his soft side! lol
It's gonna be interesting as to how Broncos fans will feel about Manning. They lose Tebow, but gain Manning.
Who else thinks next years Super Bowl #halftime will be a flashback to the 70's or 80's with Disney's "Up With People" performing?
who watched the superbowl?
After the game all liquor drinks AND shots are 2-4-1 until closing. Live band Ghost of Gloria on stage.
Only a addict gets angry when you bring it up
yes and dampers to your ducts to push more air to downstairs.
Jamie Moyer is a bad ass motherfucker
": Why is it I see the people I hate more than the people I love? #whatislife"
"Our Homeland and Our Country" is the theme of the Orpheus Male Chorus of Phoenix spring concert series - starting tomorrow. Get tickets...
its raining tis pouring the old man is snoring in nyc today
RT : When you have spent your whole life #20years, growing up in this music , best you can wish for , is that the next...
I'm an interpretive planner for digital - it's a rare content breed ;)
to each their own haha, not me! :p
Last nite a hungry homeless lady refused bread I offered her because she said "I dont eat glutein"...only in
Marlies and Carlos say have a good trip as well. We missed you in New York!
Getting ready to start #CCDay with NBCUniversal and Comcast at Lankershim Elem. in North Hollywood!
#53 is for me
decaf or regular?
we two great guys trying to kickstart it. they may need some words of advice. but def. ur always welcome to join in the fun
Just stupid stuff :P
Evidence, studies on how critical multilingual discovery is to researchers?
"Dear Twitter, Thanks for killing my cell phone battery on a daily basis. Sincerely, Everyone."
Our sincere condolences to the family & friends of US Rep Donald Payne. A tireless human rights activist worldwide, a trailblazer at home.
Lol this is wild
#TheAvengers is playing at The Scotiabank theatre tonight. Why not drop by after the show? Patio is open
Beans and wieners.
shut up
from when you and your brother were younger, ( 4-16)were you guys close?
mayne, that sucks!
Yes sir!! RT : THURSDAY NIGHT Vanity Nightclub Las Vegas
maybe one of the best matches this year. Crowd will be crazy hot.
woah! You are no longer the coolest Vargos twin.
I guess it good for the ratings but damn this girl chrissy always wanna fight
Gabby. GABBY. GABBY!!!!
Hope this G.I. Joe is good!
I just voted for Friendship Circle Sf to win $250k on Chase Community Giving!
wow, I can't spell today... deleting that one!
Want SOMETHING;GO GET IT..DON'T TALK% JUST DO IT√
Make sure to check out the King Tut exhibit if you have time.
Are fewer people able to correctly use "fewer" vs. "less," or am I simply becoming more sensitive to it?
Geno. (as in Geno the generic guy)
So glad has picked her dress from Yay!
All I can say is I BETTER be given a good reason to have put work clothes on on my day off.
yaay! U always have a welcome pass to the nbrhd #keysToTheHood swing by 1226 Hollins 2C the bottle & trash free gdn space :)
I think I've detected a microtrend: young couples moving from #Petworth > Shepherd Park. Met 3 such at neighborhood party tonight.
I've wanted to make pho. Found a good veggie recipe - just haven't taken the time to do it yet.
Hippie roommate has sharp pains in the ovarian area. Making a hospital run for 4th. Woot! Diagnosis ?
Theres not just one reason why I love there is a list of reasons
Its gone get real ugly
I may not read a lot of books, but since August 12, 2006, I've apparently read 54,239 stories via RSS. Not bad.
Proud to be a volunteer! RT : Huge party, great weather, amazing game. Indy nails it.
Ahaha , ily too ! & yeaah i gotta see what im doing afterwards thoughh !
I swear Kevin always answers my calls <3
Destiny is not a matter of change, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved
: Some of my former students have 'friended' me and it is lovely catching up with them. I even met a grand-student recently.
Have a great start to the week today New York! Spring is right around the corner so enjoy the beautiful weather!
Woop that ass....
Pizza Hut????
If somebody had the luck like Harry Potter has, they would be dead within minutes.
Hey and whats shakin i wish i could meet u guys u both rock love you both so much RT me and follow me
Wish I could truly enjoy Mothers Day like every one else
oh how i love geometry homework... not.
It's the new all terrain Lexus
then lost them both w/ a letter only saying the government changed the wording...then got paid off 3 months later w/higher rent
He is mighty to save.
Would love to learn more about what you're up to...looks like amazing stuff!
Had a great time catching up w/ former AFSC colleagues event this afternoon/it was So nice to see everyone! "The struggle continues!"
Just a quick note that there are only 6 spaces left for our group Safari June 4th 2013 to the South Luangwa Game Reserve in Zambia.
I wish i could do more to express my belief in my last retweet.
she has to be a lady in the streets but a freak in the sheets
thank God on a daily basis and things will come around quicker.
UKartist has amazing screened Amy portrait shirts for sale.Want 2 donateproceeds to you now
In your mouth? Hand? Whaaa? Always keepin' a nigga in suspense.
If I argue with you, I give a fuck.
Ha! “: #ArabSpringTraining RT : Calling all #DG wonks! Enter D&S's t-shirt slogan contest tomorrow"
depends on who's home? Nah, I'd stick with the #Beavs no matter, been a fan too long
One Direction and I #TillDeathDoUsPart, I will always love them.♥ :) xx
I know its just a game, but we all miss Dominic (PT) and regardless i still blame Rachel and Brendon for his eviction
Now partnering with Central Park Conservancy for my gift giving program. 30% of my fee is donated to my clients' favorite charities.
did u see??
did you get an email from Gotham casting They asked me if I wanna be in an MTV event.I think they casted us for fuse!
Kids, my movie won The Oscar. Its been a good week.
Yeah I saw it in the theatre a while back. Was just wondering what you thought. I walked away not quite sure lol
Love the examples you shared at AdAge event. We've been waiting for Facebook Credits to take off!
If intelligence was directly correlated to bowling skill I'd make statements like this more often.
right! I be saying it to them too. Ill be like no bitch thats my best friend. And they laugh thinking im playing lol
How do I prepare for entering into the P90X workout for real on Monday? FourLoko on a worknight and s'mores granola bars. Obviously.
Thanks for sharing. This is definitely something to Tweet about!
1 of the advantages to not having all my apartment supplies yet: dish-washing detergent is actually a much better hand-washer than soap is.
So awesome.
Irene packs less punch than expected. Those who prepare well and in advance for disasters will be more confident. It's cool to BE PREPARED!
Ideas for what to do in DC today?
put it in some glasses, then drink it. Repeat as necessary.
Cool! (re: Cornell's heron nest in person) My kid was visiting last weekend, too--entering Cornell this fall.
Watching a recap of Bubba Watson's Masters victory speech & LOVED he gave a "Go DAWGS" out to the crowd. He did that before thanking Jesus.
To you as well! : #HappyHumpDay TYVM for following
If you regularly work with medical equipment,check out our electrical safety course!Designed to identify electrical hazards
I want to find the #fantasyfootball team that drafted: Chris Johnson, Philip Rivers, Peyton Hillis, and Reggie Wayne.
Everything begins with a thought. Fitness is no different. MindFirstFitness.
might pick up that st Vincent single. Maybe some t Rex and uncle tupelo
Hey , we're rebranding our loyalty program and need to change the name on our page, which you don't allow. Assistance?
why is she doing that?!
LBs Marcus Dowtin and Eddie Jones were working off to side during early part of team drills.
Sharpie really fighting it. He'll get one tonight!
he called you? merp, i have to start every thing. yo lets hang out with guys.
Utah State softball set for season finale against No. 12 Hawaii Saturday - Deseret News
Season Two of Disney Channel&#39;s Hit Series &quot;A.N.T. Farm&quot; Premieres With Back-to-Back Episodes, Friday, June 1
People are going to jail for weed here in ohio, See how nuts that sounds?
it's a question/issue that comes up every year and she's always on top of it!
DDing tonight and getting paid.
That was the funniest thing ever 😂
come to Fort Wayne Indiana. Stop being a pussy and let's all take one for the team
fu#*in loser
To everyone who is celebrating #ANZACDay, may your day be field with grand remembrance and
Now I think I'll have me a coffee.. With 6 sugars
Can one tan in a single day? I actually would like to know. I usually burn, then get slightly browner in a week or so.
not at all!!!
In case you're wondering WHAT that duck sound was coming from the studio.. it's my chair! Daffy was not in-studio this morning.
These allergies are kicking my ass! >.<
Ohmygosh, did you guys see me in and 's #CoolMorning2?
Yes, I would expect that more balls will hit his face than his glove.
the first cup of coffee is as orgasmic as sex. the oos ahhs ms so good oh god yes sounds in the morning gulping this cup o jiz is lovely.
lol middle finger to those chicks! When's your prom?
We should be performing at Warehouse Live sometime in June so look out for that! It's going to be big!!!
Im Bout To Go To Sleep
It's Thursday...where daaaa fuq is my drink?
Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and life to everything.
RT : DALLARA SAYS GREEK BANKING SYSTEM WOULD COLLAPSE ON EURO EXIT. Remember this quote in 1 month
<3 come and party with me over the summer Tysan!
It would have been better if it were Mensa bread though!!
McDonald's should start gearing ads toward their target audience: husky toddlers and seagulls.
RT : RT : Every UEFA Champions League match FREE all week on your PC/Mac, iPad, iPhone, etc. from
Just got an invitation to speak at the Advancing Ethical Research Conference 2010. This makes me feel good. :)
We hope everyone has a fun, safe, and exciting spring break!
Friday Morning Zoo Crew! Lemme hear y'all roar!!!
Also joining us tonight at are and !! 11pm free show!
love that movie!!!
/writing Thanks for adding me to your list.
I txt you all the time…. their towers must be down quite often ;)
Star ships are meant to fly! thanks for reassuring that for me. I needed it. OMg I so funnnnyy
Every now and then, I fall apart. [turn around, bright eyes]
Researching, writing on climate change and sea level rise, water quality, ocean acidification. Trying to be upbeat amidst troubling news.
how u been
Jason Garrett is such an IDIOT!! He messed up his OWN KICKER!! Fire him now!!
Ohh. lol. What time is your meet gonna be on tv tomorrow?
hanging in the #archives today putting photos in polypropylene sleeves. quiet day.
Let's go time to start winning again!
D.Rose, Dumervil, Faried Throwback(huh?), Magic, English, Gasol Spain and one very, very snig Birdman t-shirt jersey on a portly young man
this year will make sense next year
I gotta get my point across somehow homie.
You're not getting nudes of me. Keep on dreamin'. lmao
Hahaha have a good day. Going hiking before work. Thanks for the update on the vinyl God of tour and minosaur.
So I love it here and if this doesn't work out ill cry :(
I laugh at all of those gullible idiots.
Will the Congress Unplugged! video podcasts be available soon?
Nothing like checking the mail and finding a $500 check you weren't expecting.
Ugh no
well it's why I only will eat at Michelin 2* and above. Why are you up so early?
Did they do this one? #jackphillips shut up shut up I am busy with Cape Race!
‘Rise of the Planet of the Apes 2′ Snags ‘Contagion’ Writer via
It funny when someone think of themself and know alot of thing which they don't lol
I'm coaching a girl for a State Teen USA prelim. Any last minute advice in 140 characters or less?!? ;)
28 more! Please get me it before the day ends! (:
yes! That sounds perfect. No hubs... hes working. Can I bring my dog?
With raw condos selling in the Village for as high as $5,000/SF, townhouses still seem like a great bet
Thank you! You know it! :-)
it's really late. If I were an announcer I wouldn't be making sense either
New BOOST Mobile Blackberry on the faster CDMA network! $60 UNLIMITED EVERYTHING. Come check them out today~~ 303.321.3330
IT WAS FREAKIN PERFECT
You can come by on your way home it's on the way! We have shots of Tequila Lime on deck.
Lot's of new updates coming to the FailFL! Stay tuned!
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world
Can you recommend a good #wiki #tutorial for newbies? Looking to play on one!
Indonesia is on TLC tv now! Hahahahha
Hello Linda :-) Happy Easter, hope everything is well.
This sun makes me want to be out on the water. Anybody else?
heck ya!
Yeah, we have not really been doing any local rpg gaming for a couple of years now although we talk about trying to do it.
Thank you to all my followers i love you guys!
Okay... That you find it necessary to throw stones STILL (after London) is THE disturbing thing!
That's the story of my life. Weekends hold so much promise of productivity on Friday that end up dashed somewhere along the way.
#TebowGotTradedFor some baseball cards, a sack of marbles, and a dead bird.
"I saw that all nature is chivalrous and militant. We do wrong to see peace in nature; we should rather seek..
woah wait, Harry confirmed Perrie & Zayn are dating?! if so: Aw C: if not: they should start dating soon :3
LOLOLOL. Media History professor compared Steve Jobs' personal hell to being snared eternally in the motherboard of a PC. #toosoon?
LOL holy eff Helen you totally got on this account(;
Not too late to put that baby in reverse and pick up the legend Ricketts and kicked to the curb: Ryno!
not a pen anymore don't care. Unfollowed rupp and talbot too. Loyalty. Done.
ah crap is today Sunday?
"You can turn off the sun, but i'm still gonna shine!" (:
I want to give a shoutout to my two new followers and thankz yall
LOL. Bath towel oragami! With a companion book on hand towel and washcloth accents.
4 new characters at once could be awesome or the worst idea ever
u damn right about that
last minute packing...then train to lansdale to meet up w/ dad.
who finna hit u up
That moment of self esteem boot when you see someone that used to call you fat and now you're skinny and they're fat.
Thank you!
Followback me ! It can be gift for me at christmas (˘ʃƪ˘)
I want to Skype with everyone now that I have the iPhone. Not kidding tell me if you want to and it'll happen
Good morning everybody!! :D
Wait, not free, but still an RDA webinar. Sorry
love is not real
Mcartney is brilliant as ever
Loves having visitors.
Tommy Hanson and Chipper Jones are about to do work
I heart you two!
Butler starts the half with another 3 pointer!
Watching Glen Beck because my grandparents are. Just what I need right now. Doom and gloom. #pleaseshutupif you don't have good news.
I know who I can text! my bf!!!! oh wait....I don't have one. forever alone. lmao
Santorum's version of catholicism is fantasy land. He'd fail to be hired as a teacher in a Jesuit high school.
Would you follow me please? :) much love from Indonesia <3
What's up today
am I way out of the loop? Where are you moving?
really sorry to hear that. Did we make flight on time? Next time in Baltimore give us call for free ride. BaltTService
Spotify insisting to post what I'm listening to on my facebook timeline in order use their service is shitty.
you can imagine I am quite embarrassing to go shopping with :)
": man them are great seats" if you're gonna do it, do it big
Music helps children begin to understand the history, culture and customs of people from around the world.
I wish I was :( her prom's tomorrow right?
thank the lord we aren't having a boy; the name T-Plush was actually on the table...
Listen to your StrOng song Starship. so good babe yeah!
I wana go 2 six flags
holidays with my lovely family and fantastic boyfriend #merrychristmas !
Tell the folks in DC that! How about some sustained meditation and purposeful action too!
We become what we pretend to be, so be careful about what you pretend to be.
cans?? And that's the shirt I gave you ah!!!!!
I agree!
pleasantly surprised by by Driscoll here. Thanks for sharing.
are you in the Portland area? Or - are you part of an awareness campaign coming here?
I want to go to the movies
✋“: By a show of hands, who misses the trees in the batters eye? #Targetfield”
weed head / nympho
I saw the dreaded "skapri" in Athleta catalog. O tempora! O mores! O horrid hybrid!
holy care package batman! i just got an emergency airdrop with 2 ac130's and 2 chopper gunner's in free for all. hells yeah.
I want a new phone even tho i havent had this phone that long
Oh #ronroberts acting like that area of town is riddled with drugs and hookers after 11pm.
Right here. Is there anything better to do on a fall Saturday then to become part of your couch?!
Online? Sure. I only give out a set number of non-family hugs in a year. This year I'm up to two. Last year was four.
A gaggle of giggling girls just piled onto the bus
I didn't realize the timezone difference.
happy birthday love! Miss ya! Have an amazing day!!
looking at pictures from 4 years ago..i miss having long hair :(
Hope you get to see some PO action dude!! #deserved “ Let's go pens !! Score early in OT so I don't have to go to bed too late”
these little boys messin with you!?
I haven't had my daily dose of Rachel in like 2 days!
ROI strategy session underway at #tcbsm4hr: be social, mobile, global,(SoMoGlo?) & keep the context as important as content. ROI a conundrum
Then lets talk ! haha. (:
In the office helping a young couple discover they can buy their first home & get the $8,000 tax credit. Then...it's movie night w the fam.
Haha only@ a wig party-Hope it worked!": I just heard someone use 'coronal mass ejections' in a pickup line.#wigpartywoowoo"
will there be a iphone5
RT Happy birthday --thanks twin!!!
There is no greater treasure than the respect and love of a true friend.
FACEBOOK DISCOUNT TICKETS STILL AVAILABLE!!!
Wtf. It's 5:54 in the morning and I wake up to little kids screaming WAKE UP! ITS HUNTING TIME! What the hell?
there's a music show on now and I'm friends with the female hosting the show. I need to get her some of ur music. Send me sum
#andrewbreitbart R.I.P
1;11 here. You won't want to get up in the morning. lol I'm heading goodnight.
Realize that there`s a difference between falling in love with someone and falling in love with the idea of being with them
#ShanimalOnTheBeach sounds like a sweet n tasty alcoholic beverage you could sip on while at the beach! XD
Truth. “: I hate when I'm mad at someone and they make me laugh”
#Superbowl Come get your eat & drink on at Coops Bar free pulled pork sandwiches, $3 domestic bottles, $3 Superbowl bombs,
Anyone know who she's talking about?
Beauty, whether moral or natural, is felt, more properly than perceived. ~ David Hume
Luca can't wait to meet you! He misses , too.
and URAA will lead to benefits to (c) owners (I doubt it, and any that come are truly marginal). On the other hand . . .
The plan was, to drink until the pains over. But what's worse, the pain or the hangover?
RT : RT: We're looking to add a personality to our radio show. Know someone?
and I already have way too much on my plate
And im not even sleepy.... but im hungry
wowww, i TOTALLY had no idea that my hair was in a loop
Look, Barbie! A big ugly man doll!
if he drank it i would have like woow i don't even know
Cant wait till fall ball!
I need a darn gift.
Great review....looking forward to hearing it.....
love y'all too!! Look at us.... Lol
Looking forward to digging into super PACs after the training. But 1st: the science writing #denialconf at Mon/Tue
you betcha, and thanks!
Milwaukee City Transit System <<<<
