On February 29 the PA Senate held a budget hearing for PA State System schools (PASSHE). Senate Appropriations Chair Jake Corman was supportive of restoring funding to the State System. He has said that the State-owned universities have already shouldered their share of the cuts.
I’ve never been roaming down in the southwest US too much before, so the drive down and back were amazing as well. The western Rockies (ok, been there), Canyonlands, Arches, the Grand Canyon, the Petrified Forest, and Painted Desert amongst the amazing terrain of Colorado, Utah, Arizona and New Mexico made the whole week just the adventure I was looking for!
2nd Beach Pool – 11:02am
“If you can, can you bring me to the side? I want to look at the water!”
I don't speak a whole lot about my family here. Yes, I'm married and yes I've have two daughters but that is about all I've said. I am however very proud of my parents; they did as you can see raise me and I am grateful for that! They are both teachers and my father a professor and a fairly successful scientist. And so I grew up in a very logical family and am very familiar with scientific method. As you might have seen I have introduced science into my experiences from time to time.
Justin from Justin's World won a recent Bucs Win contest and will now be receiving some additional Nationals/Expos cards for his collection. Justin...send me your address so I can get these out to you ASAP.
The Commission tested the EMP susceptibility of traffic light controllers, automobiles and trucks.
Someone who truly understands this and keeps it top of mind while imparting their duty makes the most ideal employee, the most ideal leader.
It's being months since I have tried
The Protestant and, in particular, the Calvinist tradition believed wealth was a sign of election, that is, salvation which could only come from God and not through the will of the believer. Nowadays, this religious element has been largely stripped from the explanation for why wealth is distributed as it is. Rather, in place of "election" we have "talent and hard work." No doubt in many cases talent and hard work actually figure into the outsized success of certain individuals. I am confident that my dentist did not succeed in learning how to fill cavities and prepare crowns by mere chance. And, I am more than satisfied that violinists who appear at Carnegie Hall have trained at length to warrant such an appearance.
Just get on it, and go.
First into the playground was Brenda, suffering a bit from being in the sunshine over in Michigan. Her card, here, was a Christmas stunner - super papers and such a cute Christmas Fairy! Then, on a second visit Brenda brought another fabulous card, such gorgeous flowers and a load of work must have gone into making it. It's truly beautiful and I've got it earmarked to be a challenge winner Brenda. Brenda's next card was another really super Christmas one, using tapestry stamps - if you haven't tried them yet, they really are huge fun to use and give terrific results as you'll see over at Brenda's.
When I was a kid I used to write on paper. When there were too many erasures, I would rewrite the whole thing and then add the next part of the story. Having to delete and revise is easier on the computer. I like seeing things neat. When I re-read something, I have to feel the flow, and I don’t get to do that when there are too many erasures that I have to skip through. Sometimes I would also need to insert another paragraph, so I would put an asterisk or other signs wherever the paragraph needed to be inserted, then write the new paragraph on another piece of paper. This became problematic because if I had to flip through several pages, looking for the inserted paragraph, this disrupts my ability to gauge the flow of the article or story. Cut and paste commands on the computer makes things simpler.
What is your actual objective? When you prepare a sermon, keep your goal in mind as your prepare. Otherwise you are just trying to waffle a bunch of one-liners here and there to try and cover your lack of preparation. If someone was to come to you at the end of your message and say, with all that information, what am I supposed to do? What would be your response? The objective?
"But I couldn't be talking to him when I haven't talked to her. That just looks so wrong!" I defended myself.
In the original recipe, it's all colorful because it calls for 4 different flavors of Jello. But, for Independence Day, I use 2 boxes of Berry Blue and 2 boxes of Strawberry. Here is my version of the recipe, but you can make it as colorful as you want by using whatever flavors float your boat (she uses lime, lemon, orange, and cherry and I highly recommend those flavors!)
The soldiers at Fort Apache may disagree with the tactics of their glory-seeking new commander, but they’re duty-bound to obey him – even when it means almost certain disaster.
O God our Father, as we begin this day, bestow upon our household that grace which shall keep us in the fellowship of the Christian way, and grant unto each one of us that guidance and control which shall maintain our hearts in peace with one another and with thee. Help and prosper us in the doing of our various duties; and defend us from inward evil and from outward harm so that when the day is ended it may leave us not in sorrow, strife, or shame, but in true unity and thankful rest; through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. (from the 1965 edition of the Methodist Book of Worship)
Herodotus and the Path to History (just bought -- suspending F.J. Gould for this one!)
The Financial Times recently declared Sweden's Finance Minister Anders Borg as the most effective finance minister in Europe. Why? Simple really. Instead of jumping on the collective 'spend, spend, spend borrowed money' mantra bus, Mr Borg sat back, looked at history and realised that it wouldn't work. So instead, he decided to cut taxes permanently by cutting welfare spending. He also, gasp!, cut property taxes for the rich! He justified this by saying that only entrepreneurs could create wealth and if that's what he had to do to lure them back to Sweden, then that's what he'd do. And it worked. Can you imagine what the US Democrats would say to that reasoning? The result? Sweden had the fastest growth in Europe last year. Crazy hey? Who would've thought that by giving money back to people you'd create wealth? Well, Conservatives know it - that's why economies run by Conservatives usually prosper - until the liberals get back into power by promising unicorns and fairies and more welfare 'reform' and get them back into debt and more under government control. Today, most of Europe's economies are basket cases, where their governments have over-borrowed and overspent with very little of the stimulus going to the actual economy - but they're now stuck with the bill to pay off. The banks that lent the money are doing just fine though. This is money laundering and fraud on a huge scale, where tax payers get to pay back the money borrowed plus all the interest on the loan, and certain banks proper hugely. I'm no fan of Sweden for how they treated White South Africans during the 1980's, but Mr Borg - I salute you. You had the courage to go against the main-stream idiot thinking of spending for no benefit to the country. Instead, Sweden today has a vibrant economy and the rest of Europe is drowning in debt - all under their re-elected conservative coalition government. The USA and the Australian governments also used the 'spend, spend, spend' mantra to waste tax payers money on paying off their political supporters and used the global financial crisis to hide this fraud. When Obama came into power America had entered a slight recession. Today, after blowing nearly $5trillion on his 'stimulus' experiment, the country is in deep recession, with gas prices rocketing, and employment figures stagnating. Australia is no better with a debt of over $230 billion - half of what Greece owes. Isn't it wonderful having Lefties running once productive countries into the ground? Yeah, unfortunately that's exactly what the people voted for, because apparently repeating that lunacy of voting Labor-type governments will bring in different results any day now! Read the article to understand just how forward-thinking this man is.
OK, I know the impression was not too great on this one and it is on embossed paper but after a few goes with my nail file over the surface of the stamp, it works a treat now. HOWEVER, time was short and I couldn't really be bothered to start this one all over again so it is as it is!
Because of my mother's example, I am somewhat of a workaholic. I teach full-time, but also dabble in little things like writing, babysitting, tutoring, gardening, etc. I know that if I need to make some extra money, the opportunities are there for me to do so. It also helps to keep life from being monotonous. When I get tired of one thing, I can often focus on something else for a while. And I always make sure that I leave time for friends and family, like she did for us.
So I won't be applying.
The insured is now facing the most psychologically-devastating event of his career. He is used to being the breadwinner—supporting his family and their lifestyle. Accustomed to being 100 percent healthy, he is now facing a nightmare. He’s no longer a vice president. He’s now a claimant who needs to trust that his LTD insurer will treat him well. He has a natural apprehension about insurance companies. Many people have experienced difficulty when filing a claim or read a negative article about a company not paying their claims.
Stickles Christmas red & Diamond
So, where does this leave us? Well, the crockery cupboards are full of dog hair and crud, the fridge has something growing in it, and the leaning tower of art and craft materials is now topped by a leaning tower of tablemats and books and clothes to mend and clothes beyond mending and weird things that the kids want to keep that I can no longer be bothered to resist, and one day it will topple down and bury us all and no-one will find us until the council break down the door to investigate the bad smell.
-an Okie celeb’s cowardice cause pain to those I care about
BP - handmade embossed
What a picture God is placing before me,it’s truly amazing the magnitutde of our God.Just as God took Moses and the children of Israel through the red sea on dry ground,I’m being shown another picture. The one where Pharaoh and all of his men was washed up on the seashore,well so is drug addition,sex addition,homosexuality,lust,panic attacks,child molestion, all of the things that can bind us up so tight. Jesus Christ defeated each and everyone so that we can enjoy his love,peace and joy! But there is something you have to do,”You Must Be Born Again”! There is no way around the love and protection of almighty God. Jesus Christ has made it so easy,just call on him confess your sins,ask for forgiveness and walk with him. All of the things you’re trying to do now to please God does not work,because your sins stand between you and God. Jesus Christ is the sin eraser,and he and only he,can present you to God whole. Jesus Christ the Holy,Precious Lamb of God is still the “only way” to God. And that peace,joy and freedom you so desire. Oh you may fool your friends and family,but you cannot hide from the watchful eyes of almighty God! He sees,He knows and He cares for you deeply! I tell you it’s a wonderful thing walking in freedom,you can fake it but it’s not the same! Jesus Christ is ready and willing to set you free because he has killed the things that have you bound up,satan just makes you think he’s bad,he makes you think you can never quit! Remember now he is the liar and the Father of lies,all lies come from him and through him,and the enemy (Flesh) within you is another problem,but get this “ant nothing to hard for God”! All of the things that Jesus has defeated can drop off and you will never go back,but it’s only through Jesus Christ. I tell you I’m free and loving it! O I use to be bound up and I was having a good time or so I thought,there is nothing to be compared to the time I’m having in Christ, I’m in love with my Saviour for real! Jesus has loosed me and now he’s using me to help you get free,the messages God gives me ant for everybody,just the chosen few. Have you ever left a Church service and felt like umph, Pastor must be going through something I didn’t get nuttin out of service,well it was not for you. That’s why we can sit through the same service and hear a whole different word,God planned it that way.Why ? Because he alone knows exactly what each of us needs and he knows how to reach you. “Whew” what a word from the Lord,it’s a blessing to me and I know it will bless the chosen.
Janika and Gabrielle (9 months)
Both marriages are breaking under the weight of huge fault lines. Dev is bitter and nasty due to his frustration over his injury and his feelings of failure compared to his wife’s successes. Maya has no sexual feelings for her husband, a problem compounded by her guilt over being infertile. Dev and Maya come together initially to support each other in saving their marriages; in time, however, they fall in love with each other and have to face the realization that it is their relationship that is truly ending all chance of reconciliation with their respective spouses.
York Minster is amber in colour, ‘flame’ if you like, with a slight haze to it. The aroma is very slight. This isn’t even that cold in my glass, but it’s offering very little. Ammonia again, must be me, but I get that hair dye, hairdressers, bathroom-after-the-missus-has-coloured-her-hair aroma. What is that!?
I mainly got these because of the air vents in the sides, and they can pass for dress shoes… if the person looking at them is terribly near-sighted. Here’s to hoping the doormen at the clubs are all legally blind! (That’ll help with the “being over 30” issue, too: “Let me in! I’m still young enough to dance without injuring myself… more than twice!”)
And visuals are useless if you don’t teach your child how to use them effectively and have them teach you back so that you know that they fully understand the purpose of them.
Going to recess with your classmates didn’t make sense to me. I was in an all-girls school and everyone moved in packs,especially during recess. Girls would wait for their friends and they’d go together to the cafeteria. In our school cafeteria, you had to go to the table for your class and you can’t sit elsewhere. If you did, teachers will tell you to go back to the right table. This ensures that you will be sitting beside your classmates no matter what your walking-to-the-cafeteria arrangements would be. So it didn’t bother me that I walked alone to the cafeteria. I knew there would be people there, and I’d be sitting beside my classmates, and I’d be able to talk to them if I wanted to.
In my life, becoming a new dad (life disruption plus massive sleep deprivation), getting this diagnosis, some trial and error treatment (more on this) and living through being laid off mid-2008 and then my former employer going bankrupt, put me through a mental ringer over the course of few years. My self-confidence and sense of self-worth took some pretty big hits for a while. In many ways, I liken it to the stages of grieving. I like how that article describe it more as a roller coaster rather than a straight and steady path.
This is my 2nd post and challenge for today! If you are looking for the Paper and Such challenge post, please click HERE!
2: Life. It is a simple fact of life that we all have responsibilities; homes to maintain, bills to pay, jobs to do, children to educate etc. Day by day we all face the challenge of meeting our responsibilities. And then, on top of all this, we want – no, we need – to write/paint/compose. How will we ever have time? How will I find the time to learn the craft of writing? Will I ever be able to shape my words, to say adequately what I want to be able to say? Will I be able to write in a way that is popular, engaging, amusing, contemporary, relevant – even successful? These thoughts try to invade our work. They try to shape it into something it is not and never could be. Barkat writes:
Cat: The dog is such an inferior creature. I really don’t know why you tolerate him. OH SWEET JESUS MOTHERF****ING BALLS ON FIRE I NEED TO BE IN THE OTHER ROOM RIGHT NOW!!!!!
In February, I had the pleasure of teaching paper piecing to some of my fellow Pelham Quilters. We are fortunate to have a wonderful community room to use with lots of light, thanks to Doris Green!
Tiger Beat (still around! And still exactly the same!) and 16 Magazine were the kings of the teen idol scene, and they enjoyed the enthusiastic cooperation of the television and movie studios whose stars they so slavishly promoted. The stars themselves had no choice but to cooperate, and earned nothing but adulation in return. David Cassidy's C'mon Get Happy and Barry Williams' Growing Up Brady both contain vivid reminiscences about dealing with these aggressive remora-like publications, where honesty was discouraged and the writers routinely concocted fictions and fabricated quotes.
Being an indie author/filmmaker, I “follow” a network of other indie authors. Following for me involves not only reading and/or viewing their works, but also supporting them in whatever way is needed. (Even if it’s to bitch and vent about the benefits of being called an indie vs. a self-published author). Yes, we “indies” are a tight-knit, vociferous group. We have found it almost impossible to enter the “mainstream” world of publishing, so we simply created a publishing world of our own. This doesn’t negate the fact that we all hope in our heart of hearts to become, if not famous, well-known enough (whatever ENOUGH is for any given indie). This will let us know that our works are being shared and discussed by more than ourselves; that the possibility exists for us to create, maintain and grow a following of fans; that perhaps (fingers crossed) one day we might even (hope against hope) be able to eke out a decent living. That is why when people outside or our “network” review our works, we try to make sure and review, well, the review-er.
I can’t comment on any other romance subplots in the game as I have to do more playthroughs of this series to determine how the others are, but I can say I’m completely satisfied with how the romance between my female Shepard and Kaidan has played out in this game. A faithful Shepard since the first Mass Effect is definitely worth having for this romance. A lot of the romance scenes and dialogue choices between Shepard and Kaidan is worthy of any romantic or fangirl who has been in love with Kaidan since the first game. The emotions feel genuine, and the credit definitely goes to the voice actors for selling the romance to the player well. It also doesn’t hurt that the developers have improved on the look of Kaidan as well.
Oh and how cute is their trademark cherry?
Brand gender determination is as important as freezing on the brand values and brand personality. Knowing the gender and expressing the same through the most appropriate colour palette makes the brand more congruent with its personality. Colour symbolisms when used carefully could make your brand reach out to your target audience in the most genuine manner. Colours are not there for no rhyme or reason, they are pregnant with meaning, and we as brand custodians should reflect on the colours that exist in our category and more specifically on colours that are right for our brand’s gender mix (dominantly masculine, with a few feminine traits or vice versa).
You see, I am always weeks behind on Reader's Spaces since there is so much awesomeness in all of you, so when Tami sent me her story, it was still below freezing temps here in Wisconsin. But what she shared with me left me feeling so inspired! She organized her tools. In her garage. And did it by adding style. My kind of girl. My kind of project. And I so badly wanted to imitate her awesomeness, but I was stuck in cold weather jail.
It took less than two seconds to fly the whole height of the tower, but the crescendo of adrenaline slowed it down, prickled her to distraction with unnecessary sensations, sensations she couldn't afford; the wrinkle in Jashi's dress that was going to leave an angry red line across her cheek, the ever-so-slight tingle of pinched circulation where the other woman's arm pressed tight against hers.
I groomed and tacked Oliver, and we got ready to ride. Luckily, the rider before me was working on some of the same things I have been ("Get off your inside rein!", "If you ask incorrectly, it isn't his fault!" etc), so listening to the end of her lesson while we warmed up was a nice mental refresher on what we had been doing.
Which character could you relate to best, and why?
Service 9/10
17. The Black Panthers - Day Tripper
Happy Birthday from ElizaPresley.org
Take a look at the person next to you – your co-worker. Are they your friend? Your enemy? Your lover? (naughty!) Whatever relationship you have, the fact that you work together effectively reveals your ability to ‘teamwork’. Being able to ignore their screechy laugh and humour them when they show you the umpteenth picture of their cat means you will be able to work toward a team goal without irritating each other. Well done you tolerant lot.
I did learn some of the interesting aspects of mail delivery in the winter compared to the warmer months. The most obvious one is the responsibility of the home owners to keep their walkways, steps and driveways clear so that the mail can be delivered safely. I was appalled at the conditions of some of the homes and how treacherous it was for Lisa and I to navigate the walkways. I took some photos of some of the better examples of poor maintenance on the part of the home owners.
It seemed both of them are out of words. Its 4am and the train stops at Mughalsarai junction. Pratyush gets down and comes back with two kulhadd of tea in his hand.
5 minutes?
Written & Performed by: Kate Bush
This process had been made more difficult by the fact that most formal identification had been taken from the bodies mostly by the Germans, who had forwards this on to the Red Cross, so that the families of the dead could be informed that their husband, lover or child had fallen and lay amongst the bodies of his comrades in a foreign field.
Rook realized what was happening too late and she was suddenly surrounded by burly miners with massive hands and empty expressions.
Jim Sinclair, president of the B.C. Federation of Labor, said Canadian workers are facing a similar nightmare of unionbusting attacks by the B.C. provincial government and Harper. Canada is in the midst of a national election set for May 2 with Harper, now heading a minority government seeking to win majority control of parliament.
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty – 2
It’s a good movie. Just not a great one.
Please contact NFBID at 718-783-1685 for more information.
In the end, a nerve-racking tiebreak was won by Wellington, who will travel to England to participate in the final in Oxford on 27th November.
I am an award winning private futures trader.
Today is the day that I get up before 10, because I have things to do.
- First aid kit
Each blogger participating in the tour will randomly select one winner from all the comments and enter that name into the grand prize drawing. Margaret will contact the three grand prize winners for their choice of prize the week of 2/27 and announce winners on her blog on March 2.
You will discover that school and grades are not everything. Yes, you will have a fluke genius moment and get 100% on your first calculus test when you were sure that you had no idea what you were doing. (It was short-lived and lasted only for that one test). It is not so much what you are learning, but the work ethic that you learn from your dedication to school and extra curricular activities that keeps you moving forward and rising to the top; and, ultimately allows you to enjoy life to its fullest.
6. Shadow Parade - "Nothing For Me"
Now I am not so sure what make this soap base so special to do this technique and not sure why you cannot use any particular melt and pour base. But you can purchase a 2-lb. Swirlz (clear) for $7.80 directly from Go Planet Earth. The ingredinets for the clear soap base are Water, Sorbitol, Propylene Glycol, Sodium Stearate, Glycerin, Sodium Tallowate, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Sodium Laurate, Sodium Cocoyl Isethionate, Sodium Cocoate, Triethanolamine.
Here's our Christmas tree in all of
Below is a recent example of 4 different concept sketches that were provided to a client to address the challenge of architectural side wall cladding and planting.
(4) It furnishes moisture for yeast plants.
Treadmill. 15 Minutes. 2.2km. Not as fast as Friday, but I actually found this easy-ish. I would have gone on for longer but I found my knee and shin on my right side was actually feeling a bit sore.
About the Store
They have also been training and equipping the anti-Gaddafi forces with weapons for some weeks, at the least. Yet, despite all of this massive military fire-power, being rained down on Gaddafi, and his forces, not only has their been no sign of rebellion against him in Tripoli, but even with all of that fire-power on their side, the anti-Gaddafi forces, even where they were strong, in the East, have been able to make no headway whatsoever.
Thelonious Dub is an instrumental trio founded by guitarist Joe Bartone in 2007. They play a unique mix of improvised jazz, dub reggae and jam band styles or as they like to joke "a complete misunderstanding of both jazz and reggae.” Joe is supported by John von Seggern on bass and Sean Rainey on drums. They are frequently joined on gigs by various friends and guests on sax, guitar and other instruments.
Things I LOVE about this girl:
how about you, are you thirsty?
Please not a person with a male character please not a person with a male character please not a person with a – Greyseer? Let’s check out his refs… Doh!
Good afternoon everyone, hope you are well :-)
But it's another story to get her heart and body to let go of a child she's sheltered , and loved in her body for 6 months.........
So, as humans we are playing gods over everything and everybody what is in the realm of our power. If it is so, we have to assume there is another realm over us where we, the humans, are subjects of influence of somebody or something what demands from us something and guides us somewhere. And if we, the humans, want our life to be purposeful, relatively secure and fulfilling we have to understand the demands, guidance and regulations of this something or somebody above us – the True One God. We have to identify ourselves with this power and its realm to become an integral individual part of this realm, and that’s another important trait of Jewish self-identification.
and actually, if we so desire,
“One of the goals of immigration is the revival of the duty of jihad and enforcement of power over the infidels. Immigration and jihad go together. One is the consequence of the other and dependent upon it. The continuance of the one is dependent upon the continuance of the other.”
This is what we trash on a daily basis. This what we berate, and in doing so we demonstrate our negativity. Our inability to break a mindset even in the face of overwhelming evidence to the contrary. It is this mindest we have to break if we are ever to have a chance at a decent future.
For much of the nineteenth century and for the first half of the twentieth the Bremond family was the most prominent business dynasty in Austin. Indeed, in the 1870s, the Bremonds accounted for a whopping twenty percent of the city’s tax revenue.
A nasty-looking EUROTRASH THUG (30’S)
Now the garden was long and the visibility poor, the way
the wicked are ensnared by the work of their hands.
I didn't do any preparations last night.
Guns and ammo found on foreign couple who don’t live in Laventille or Beetham, nor do they resemble Brig John Sandy…..
This excludes vast areas of the air force’s public-information effort. Writing back in I970, Senator J. W. Fulbright had found that the air force public-relations effort in I968 involved I,305 full-time employees, exclusive of additional thousands that “have public functions collateral to other duties.” The air force at that time offered a weekly film-clip service for TV and a taped features program for use three times a week, sent to I,I39 radio stations; it also produced I48 motion pictures, of which 24 were released for public consumption. There is no reason to believe that the air force public-relations effort has diminished since the I960s.
I differ in the process with #2. I didn’t really lead with knowledge/ strength, I just incorporated that into my writing. I guess Writing is one of the most important skills to learn! I also differed with #4. I don’t need to find more name since I was offered a job. I do have to admit, that I wouldn’t have asked for more names if I wasn’t offered the job. I didn’t even think about asking in that case. I guess we learn something new everyday! What have you learned?
DJ Naiki (Chief Rockers)
With big hugs to all,
MY van is already a mess, I havent written anythng down and all i wanna do is crawl into bed I'm soo depressed.. Someone told me to ask for a distress spanking... Yup think I'll ask for something a little nicer :) maybe that will help...
Warmly Lenna
All in all it was definitely a fun time, minus the potential bruising tomorrow. I promise to try and take pictures at Wednesday’s class.
I am a farm girl at heart! Grew up on a 500 acre Dairy farm and he had International Harvesters ~ no green tractors on our farm! Although my maternal grandfather and uncle was all about those "green" deeres!
About 68 churches across the city face expulsion from the spaces they rent. Supporters say that the churches are an asset to their communities, especially in boroughs like the Bronx and Brooklyn.The rent they pay to public schools helps the schools with their budget problems as well.
Hips: 42 1/2″ I lost an entire inch!!! This is a big deal for me because this is the area that I want to lose most. I dislike my “spare tire” the most of all my physical flaws.
Because children have this innate drive to learn about the world around them and how it works, an open-ended apparatus like the Vertical Tubes in a Box gives them license to explore and experience the natural world, both physical and the social.
slowly resumes it's natural rhythm I remember it isn't
The Grimm story tells of twelve beautiful princesses. Although they sleep in a locked bedchamber, their shoes are always found worn through the next morning, as if they had been out all night dancing. The king offers one of his daughters as a reward to the man who can discover the truth.
I have grown weary and discouraged when someone who I thought was an ally took a potshot or totally misrepresented the work some of us carefully built over time. At those times straight friends like Auntie Doris and members of my Quaker meeting and colleagues like Fran, Jen, Steve and Christina from the Watkinson School and my sister Maria and my US Marine Bronx-raised Dad and others encouraged me, told me that it is not in vain, reminded me that I am not alone. They let me know they stand with me–allies.
I had made a really good friend at school. We moved a lot, so I never really had friends before, but this girl was different. Sarah was so kind and warm and genuine. I was actually allowed to go to a sleepover at her house. I had never been allowed to do that before. Life in her house was so different than anything I had ever known. When they took me home her dad seemed agitated and nervous. I thought he didn't like me and couldn't wait to get rid of me. It turns out he had a bad feeling and didn't want to let me out of their car. He told Sarah that he felt like something bad was going to happen to me. Of course I didn't know that until this Spring, twenty years after the fact.
He stops pinning my hair. "What do you mean?"
Try telling that to some of the people in the village though. You'd think people deliberately sped up once they passed the welcome signs.
In whom the Father is well-pleased,
A few holidays have some PVP requirement. This is fun to do on a PVP server of course, but it’s even better to group on a PVE server if you aren’t used to PVP. Some of these are:
A world painted with such variety could not possibly hold truths and lessons so boring as just black and white
Gracie is a very popular and influential girl at Plymouth North High and she had clearly expressed her disapproval of Jordan’s interest in me. Going against her wishes would have warranted Jordan some very unpleasant consequences, so he dodged the blow. I guess I could understand that, but I was still insecure about one thing.
“My room.”
Compatible with 50Hz/60Hz.
The Center for Spirituality & Healing (CSH) and the Tibetan American Foundation of Minnesota (TAFM) will co-host a special Twin Cities visit by His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama on May 8, 2011. The theme of His Holiness’ visit, the first official trip to the state since 2001, will be “One Heart, One Mind, One Universe.” The Minnesota visit features three planned events:
I have also discovered a new game that I should have discovered . . . a long time ago. A game called Minecraft, created 2009 from a man named Notch. It is a game, where you’re in an undefinable world/planet, like Earth, where everything is made out of squares except on occasions the monsters and animals (funny: the sun and moon is shaped like a square xD), and you have to basically build things and survive. There would be three different difficulties. The first one would be peaceful, where all of your materials such as: pickaxes, shovels, swords, TNT, fences, wooden blocks are immediately made for you and you have no risk of dying. That’s pretty cool and all, but I would prefer the second difficulty: Survival mode. This version is just like peaceful, except you have to gather all of your resources and craft them and also on most occasions find animals to make food of so you won’t starve to death.
Here is installment two of my soil-less seed start project.
Okay, so. I’m reading a lot about how Dynasty Young‘s mom shouldn’t have sent him to school with a taser, generally because two wrongs don’t make a right yada yada self-defense perpetuates the cycle of violence blah blah I am a privileged piece of shit who can count on people to sympathize with my problems and either protect or avenge me should things really get messy etcetera etcetera some Just World Fallacy in there as well because if Dynasty got expelled then he and his family definitely did something wrong here or it wouldn’t have happened.
So in theory, this looks fantastic — we should blow the competition away! But the hardest question remains: how do we make this and still have it fit into the provided constraints?
Patrick Browne, Professor of Biochemistry at Howard Hughes Medical Institute/Stanford University is putting together meat-substitutes made from PLANT materials.
I wonder if that was the influence for this top which I grabbed in a rush this morning.
The book itself has an interesting format. The contents page shows several titles and their page numbers so that it first resembles a story collection. In many ways that is what this is, although they are all linked; we might accurately describe these as vignettes of childhood. Now I gave Verhulst a tough time for pulling the same trick in his book but there's something about the brevity here that makes sense of it. Many are just a page or two and in that manner Torres gives us a whistlestop tour of his, ahem, I mean his narrator's childhood. About to turn seven at the outset he has two brothers, Manny the eldest and Joel between them. Paps is Puerto Rican, Ma is white, both are from Brooklyn but had to marry in Texas in order to do it legally when Ma first got pregnant at 14 (and Paps just 16). The three brothers, as the title suggests, are often depicted like animals as they hurtle through childhood, beginning as birds in the opening chapter We Wanted More.
There are some great patterns available, and I think ones with bolder patterns would be particularly good as accent nails. I liked this one by Butter London because it looked unique. They are easy enough to apply (peel off the sheet, stick onto the nail, cut/buff away the excess, apply a topcoat) but I personally found they did not lay flat on my nail bed - probably because my nails are very curved. I didn't even bother photographing my nails because they looked so bad. They should last for a couple of days but I always took mine off after one day because pieces of fluff would be caught on the edges. All in all, not for me.
So besotted am I with Rochefort and St Bernadus that I've been neglecting Chimay, so it was nice to be reminded what a corker this still is.
The flaw was not that J.T. Ready carried the seeds of murder within him, because we all do. But the majority of us will exercise the power of life and death only in self-defense or at the behest of lawfully-constituted authority. J.T. Ready's flaw is that, for whatever reason, he broke those customary restraints and became an executioner solely upon his own personal authority. One of the hallmarks of an organized civil society is that we do not allow or sanction the practice of blowing people away simply because they piss us off.
Back to the Maya and their concept of the Time spiral.
research to accurately portray the late 1950s and early 1960s. King commented on the amount of research it required, saying "I've never tried to write anything like this before. It was really strange at first, like breaking in a new pair of shoes.”
1. Dairy Queen Butterfinger Blizzard
On the left, a soft slightly sweet pun with burdock-carrot salad. On the right,
I will be taking time off posting on my blog this holiday to spend time with my family who are all in town now. I will be back after the first of the year to share lots of recipes, tips, videos and everything food related in 2012.
Nowadays having a husband helps to guarantee I get a card, at least I will if he realises the mistake that early morning twitter comment is! But it was his comment that possibly a tweet would make up for no card made me think....
They were momentarily bemused by this but then decided that they needed to find the crystal and fast; some probing of the walls on the north side of the room revealed an area where a draft was coming from a gap in the stone. Elysia stood back and fired a brace of Magic Missiles at the stone, which slowly swung open to reveal a passage beyond. They started up it but they had only got half way when the creature reappeared behind them and attacked again. Elysia’s attacks caused it some damage but it seemed to be shrugging off some of the missile attacks this time and a Sunburst failed to have any impact whatsoever. She was struck by its huge bone hook and neatly grabbed, whereupon the scorpion tail reached up and over and stung her; she felt a strange weakness passing through her.
PlumTuckered - 70
Jesus: Learn to practice every day and not get discouraged. Learn from the artists who admire and study them, copy them, just for practice.
It is sitting on a pretty table runner that my friend Nicolette
Types of Electronic Translators
So if we are replacing your conservatory and you happen to have a cat stuck in your tree, why not ask! You never know.
1 pinch crushed red pepper flakes
Copeland Borough Council can be emailed at info@copeland.gov.uk or called on 0845 054 8600.
Some of them smile, but most of them frown.
“Because, you’re an official sket.”
It’s easier the other way. Last night I finished reading a book and then happily went online and started researching stuff for my review. I didn’t read anything from that point on. I scanned and pasted the links into a Word document to read at my leisure later.
But not all intimacy is sexual. Don't believe me? Wake up at 2:00am to the sound of a hungry or restless baby, and place your hand gently on your baby's back while she breastfeeds, looking all the while into the eyes of your partner just feet away from you. I challenge you - no, I dare you - to find a more intimate moment than that. If you try it and still don't get it, take a deep breath and try harder. It's there, you just have to let it come to you.
2/21/12 – Regina, SK @ O’Hanlon’s
"They went into the hut and took a bit of the food she had brought, and some of his goats' milk to drink; then theymade coffee, that she had brought with her in a bladder. Settled down comfortably over their coffee until bedtime. And in the night, he lay wanting her, and she was willing.
I made it through and was proud of myself and everyone else for being able to power through and finish the entire ride! From start to finish the entire experience (the preparation and event itself) was inspiring and I loved to see so many people come together for such a great cause.
‘But most of all the public needs to be told how NATO’s weapons of mass destruction are poisoning other countries around the world including this one. The U.S. has permanently contaminated the global atmosphere with radiation that has a half-life of two and a half billion years. Under the right conditions one alpha particle of uranium causes cancer. A pinhead of DU releases 12,000 alpha particles a second. I’ve seen a buried report that shows that uranium aerosols have been blown up here on wind currents from the war zone resulting in concentrations of uranium over Reading high enough to alert the Environment Agency, who decided that nobody needed to know.
There were two boxes of coffee with it too. Isn't this a wonderful color? I love it and had coffee in it this morning. Now you can choose your flavor! I like Green Mountain coffee and there is that too. I will look for DD and Kona for it. Anyway, I was so excited, as it will be so nice to have it when I just want a cup. I told you I had a wonderful daughter in law. The rest of the story is, they weren't supposed to do anything for me as they had just surprised me with 2 new tires and new brakes on my car. I had the two front ones replaced earlier,and there weren't many miles on them. They had been run low on air. Who would do that? Heaven help me.lol Anyway this was last week. God has blessed me with the most wonderful children.
So why will I no longer enjoy the comforting aroma of baking donuts wafting through the walls of the bakery I share a basement with? Carl shares some of his thoughts over at MassLive. In a nutshell, he says it just stopped being fun. I think most of us who start our own business say it at the outset, but I also think few actually live by the words - 'When it stops being fun, I'll get out.' Too often businesses fail or in some ways worse, they survive while their overworked owner watches the years of their life zoom past at warp speed as they play the wizard behind the curtain for 83 hours a week. Let's face it, owning your own business is a lifestyle, and anyone who tells you otherwise, hasn't done it, or if they have, it probably wasn't for long.
Alexis
Congrats on getting married, I LOVE YOU!
NOSQL continues to gather momentum in the Skills Matter community. In 2011, Skills Matter ran our first ever NOSQL eXchange with talks from Jim Webber, Emil Eifrem, Russell Brown, Brendan McAdams, Dave Gardner, Ian Robinson, Aleksa Vukotic, Robert Rees and Tom Wilkie. We covered everything from MongoDB to Neo4j, from Riak to Scala, and Cassandra to CouchDB. It was a day to live in infamy.
Topping my list of favorites right now are the following:
After being violated by the nurse via swabbing, she asked me to wait outside for the doctor. I walked back out to the waiting area and waited for the doctor while I watched the girl behind the cosmetics counter file her nails and bob her head to Beyonce that she had playing from her phone.
A4) Ragga G - Kuff A New Leader
AND as an added feature... check out Aloha Friday....
Something is afoot and yet it’s not a foot.
Now, the picture at the top here is a still from the film Carry on up the Khyber. For those of you who aren't British you are unlikely to have heard of this (or am I way off here?). It is quite an iconic comedy film, very silly, with some groaning one-liners and, towards the end of the film, there is quite a funny scene where Sid James and co are having a meal whilst the room is under attack by the enemy (it is a comedy, I promise you). There are some musicians in the corner of the room who valiantly play on, despite being blasted by bits of plaster from the ceiling. It is only when the piano collapses that my dad gives up trying to play.
Sanskaras, in Baba’s teaching (borrowed from the Hindu tradition), are the impressions we accumulate lifetime after lifetime, that wind around our souls. Over many lifetimes, these build up like a plaque and become our identity. The path to god then is to unwind these impressions back. From there the philosophy gets somewhat esoteric, but the concept strikes me as relevant to transgendered people and the impressions we must overcome and unwind to drill down to our gender identities. By now you probably see where I’m going with this.
Things baked – 16 – Nigella’s scrummy, if jaw-aching, breakfast bars – peanuts, cranberries, oats, coconut and condensed milk. Very definitely not a cake though. Do brioches count as a cake, I wonder? Croissants? Pain au raisins? I can see I will need to do a little research on food classifications over the coming weeks.
(512) 473-8801
Here's a list of some YA books that I have read in 2012 (note: these books are books that are 2012 debuts in the UK, so some titles may have been out in countries such as the US in 2011):
They want to be all they can be, and are truly wonderful souls. But they have missed a few steps on the path. It always happens with the physical journeys. You all know about unconditional love, and living in your natural state of grace, but very few people are able to actually live it, breathe it and surrender to it, whilst still maintaining their daily existence. So why is this? Why would this happen? Because the flip side of this state of being, is the solid state of physicality, which you have been bound to, in order to evolve the ‘human race’. In other words, it was meant to be this way, right up until now, 2012, the time of transition.
Unfortunately, I snoozed through my alarm, and am absolutely exhausted today, and the thought of wearing a pencil skirt and fitted shirt just killed me. Killed me, I say! Not to mention that I hadn't ironed said fitted shirt. And the skirt requires a slip. Plus there's something about about a cute outfit that makes me feel like my mood has to live up to it...and it probably wasn't going to manage that today.
I studied A level art then went on to complete a general art foundation course before studying on a three year Visual Communication degree course at Edinburgh College of Art, where I specialised in illustration.
I'd also like to point out that my pot of gold came today when my amazing father brought me a St. Patty's Day hanging basket and washed my car.
Western Reserve PBS says "Inside Washington" will replace "NewsNight" in its Friday 9 PM slot on WNEO/45.1-WEAO/49.1, and the show will be replaced by other programs on the "Fusion" channel (45.2-49.2).
His mother was well aware of this fact and joined us in a ruckus of appropriate behavior. Never breathing nor thinking nor seeing I was there. Her ruckus swept him away, although not the fire he left behind.
Spinach... not enough to weigh.
I ran the Flannagans 5K in the morning and finished in 29 minutes and 34 seconds!
So, Barcelona can acquire Ibrahimovitch for the measly sum of £40million PLUS Samuel Eto’o AND the loan of Hleb and they are not killing football with their ostentatious displays of wealth. Real Madrid can stump up £56million for Kaka and £80million for the show pony and everything’s fine. Business as usual, no need to panic, the activities of clubs with a God-given right to pay mega-bucks won’t distort the market at all. It’s only when Johnny-come-latelys like Manchester City spend a few quid that the ire of FIFA, EUFA and Sir Alex is collectively aroused. We’re a small club with a small mentality apparently, well according to Fergie that is. I guess that’s why he’s upset at us spending big, although I can’t remember him having a go at big spenders when it was him and Liverpool etc doing the big spending.
Of course it is impossible to ignore the commercial incentives for empire, and it would be disingenuous to deny that we did not briefly join the rest of the in trading slaves, (and, unlike out current national projects , back then we did such things quite efficiently) or indeed the opium trade as a result of which we ended up owning Hong Kong for over 150 years. However, it is also impossible to entirely separate the humanitarian motives from the commercial, certainly after the banning of the slave trade in 1807 leading up to Abolition in the 1830s and then the so called scramble for Africa humanitarianism was a major driving force.
Stinky (cat)
The American Institute of Cancer's most recent press release (Nov. of 2007) reports clear evidence that excess body-weight drastically increases the risk of most cancers.
Our sponsor this week is Crafts and Me Stamps! The generous prize, to be given to a randomly selected entry, is THREE digi stamps of the winner's choice.
I had the day off today, and I was actually really bored. Surprisingly nothing on my to-do list.
Haunted...
glamour dust glitter paint - 'iridescent'
Regular readers will know that I am not on very good terms with my sewing machine usually, but today I woke up and wanted to make a new shopper tote for myself...
I look at the door, sees Yoochun stand there with a food tray. I felt angry. I glare at him.
“The tables now show expected and actual performance for low, middle and high-attaining pupils so that schools can be judged on whether they are improving all their students.”
Some readers are convinced that a cozy is supposed to be genteel and soft-spoken, with no visible blood, no mention of sex, and no off-color langage. But if you examine the original cozies by Agatha Christie, her murders were pretty grisly, and adultery and fornication were rampant. But when it came to speech, neither Miss Marple nor Hercule Poirot would have uttered even a mild expletive, and they certainly wouldn’t have mentioned a body part that never saw light. But Miss Marple and Poirot represented people of a certain class and time, neither of which still exists.
Ibori was convicted and sentenced to 13 years in jail after he pleaded guilty to stealing and laundering over $80m.
“Evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving and being deceived.”
I can see, though, the temptation, and fear, in being a cork. I had never had anyone care for me so, and the warmth of that love, and the security of someone else helping me navigate this storm, was….indescribable. To not be so completely, alone.
on the Kindle
It’s a must try venue.
I am not saying I can’t do it - as we all know it is a necessity, but it takes an effort of will unless what I need to know is absolutely essential to the story. When I persist I discover that fact is often more interesting than fiction and patience is not only a virtue but a prerequisite for anyone trying to write a historical novel. Facts however have to be more than merely true in order to find a place in a narrative.
I live in San Francisco because it is me. I often joke it is the longest relationship I’ve ever been in. This city has seen my share of drunken nights, wails of laughter, and hair colors too numerous to even know at this point. I always ride Muni with my attention focused out the window and not on my phone or music apparatus. My memories are marked on the corners of the city, at cafes and parks and places of symbolic nature, and they flood back to me every time I pass them. I’m reminded of the beers I’ve consumed, the hugs initiated, the feelings I felt while in that moment, and it makes me smile.
1. Someone's drinking is causing problems at home and a husband/wife/mom/dad doesn't want to put up with them anymore, so they drop them off, stick around for an hour or so, and then head home, saying they won't take them back tonight. Disposition: Detox.
3.I am the king
“England is at war. Henry VIII's invasion of France has gone badly wrong, and a massive French fleet is preparing to sail across the Channel. As the English fleet gathers at Portsmouth, the country raises the largest militia army it has ever seen. The King has debased the currency to pay for the war, and England is in the grip of soaring inflation and economic crisis.
Because I love you
That’s it. That is enough to make me crazy(ier!)
The constant postings on our other blog has put me behind.
Needless to say, I'm now entering my 2nd semester of the BFA Photography program with a lot less anxiety and embracing the creative challenges that come my way. I've been interning for a free-lance photographer, which has been a great experience for me because I always felt that I learned more in a hands-on environment. I started with an interest in conceptual photography, moved along to portraiture and photojournalism, tampered with an interest in graphic design, and have currently found a surprising interest in fashion photography. I'm lacking in my apprehension of fashion photography and I'm not exactly sure where to start, but it's something that I'd like to work on this semester. I like to believe that my diverse interests have not hindered my career in photography, but have proved positive in that they have pushed forward my individuation as an artist.
So, since we do eat a lot of shrimp in different ways, I tried a new way to prepare them today. I have always started a pot of water with a healthy amount of Old Bay Seasoning added. Shrimp are dropped into the water and boiled gently for 3-4 minutes. The May issue of Southern Living magazine is full of shrimpy things this month. When I saw directions for "Perfect Poached Shrimp," I knew I had to try it.
5. Tell us a little bit about what your purse and its contents say about you
The second dream came the night after. Maybe it was just a fragment from the past.
Sad, sad, sad....but a little happy too. Beezie started the first grade. I take him to school everyday and my head and heart just can't figure out how this even happened. How my little baby could possibly be in the first grade! I've learned this last year how quickly life can pass us by. So you can make fun of me if you would like, but I'm going to mourn days gone by, try to cherish the day right now, but look forward to the future too. Is that even possible?
#1 - The first was spending time with these girls......
All drugs have side effects.
A gift so sweet and rare;
Must come at your bidding, as flames out of fire.
027.034 YUSUFALI: She said: "Kings, when they enter a country, despoil it, and make the noblest of its people its meanest thus do they behave.
There is another inconsistency, the contrast in his attitudes about racism and anti-semitism, that a comment from his correspondent Tom M. triggers him to highlight:Regarding the “I am attacked for not being an anti-Semite” thread, hasn’t the term “anti-Semite” become an all-inclusive, imprecisely defined word, used for effect the way “racist” is being used? Whether one has good reasons for making racial distinctions or not, the label “racist” is used to undercut any rational discussion of race. Likewise hasn’t the label “anti-Semite” become a description to stop at any cost a rational consideration of the effects of influential Jewish persons and their thought processes on society?Auster’s answer to this is that the only proper path is to very carefully separate what is rational and legitimate criticism from that which is not. He then calls Tom M. an anti-semite for not professing philo-semitism. This is rational? This is legitimate?
Actual photos of goofy Siamese-twin AR-15 setup are out. Sure to be included as an option in the next Call of Duty upgrade and the talk of every gun shop commando BECAUSE ISRAELI!
Sudan conflict still hot
SABINE: The first 3 years it was really exhausting, my son didn’t like to sleep very much or very long and that was definitely something to get used to (it’s still crazy, he wakes up at 5:30h in the morning!). But my son is a gift, he is beautiful and healthy and funny and I could never ever be without him anymore. My boyfriend helps me a lot but we don’t have a nanny and mostly rely on relations if we want some time for ourselves. It’s not easy but, hey, life wouldn’t be that exciting if it was.
7. For best results, poke holes in the bottom of the bottle and place on a drainage saucer.
I just could not imagine myself anywhere else but Flushing.
Check out this clip from, “Good Night and Good Luck”. The film is about Edward R. Murrow, a television anchor from the World War II era. Naturally, television would have been black and white back then, so taking away the color adds a realistic touch. It also makes the film a bit of a novelty. People wanted to see it for the sheer reason that black and white films are not as common anymore. The same applies for, “The Artist”.
“Airplanes flying through super-cooled clouds around airports can cause condensation that results in more snow and rain nearby, according to a new study.
what happens if they suddenly got tired of walking,
The goal of Weishaupt’s organization was simple yet monumental: to overthrow all political and religious institutions in order to replace it with a group of Illuminati initiates. According to him “universal happiness complete and rapid could be achieved by disposing of hierarchy, rank and riches. Princes and nations will disappear without violence from the earth; the human race will become one family; the world will be the abode of reasonable men”. On May 1, 1776, the Order of the Illuminati was founded.
(Yep, that relaxed feeling, bring it on!!!)
Rachel opened her mouth to answer. She actually had cleaned her room. Well, at least she moved the dirty clothes from the floor to the laundry basket.
Chris Hani - Leader of the South African Communist Party,
· Guinness is most certainly not a microbrewery (I can't make this stuff up--I swear I actually heard someone say that once).
I know I've been a blog slacker on this blog. What can I say? I only have time to write this right now because I'm in a hotel room with nothing else to do. I coach my son's high school aged FTC Robotics team and we're going to the State championships tomorrow. So I have a few minutes to post. But the last few months have been total chaos.
Here is the final example of how I applied coloring shadows onto a birthday present. Today is my 30th birthday, and already I have been given some very nice gifts, so this tutorial is my Thank You!!
Cheesecake has been something I’ve always wanted to attempt. I remember, before we even had an oven (we finally bought a functional oven, along with building a new house, just a year ago), I would put together cream cheese, whipped cream and canned blueberries on a pie plate and call it cheesecake. I didn’t know better.
Some of these things are literally priceless. (I know, I know – but I meant that sincerely, not as a joke.) For instance, Marshall’s typescript of his thesis on Nashe, with his corrections, and two copies made when they first got a Xerox at the Centre for Culture and Technology, his little now-decrepit space at the University of Toronto. This is what my father Eric used to make the manuscript which would become The Classical Trivium: The Place of Thomas Nashe in the Learning of His Time (Ginko Press, 2006). The Ginko edition doesn’t give him any credit for that though – similarly, many people don’t know that my father wrote most of Culture is Our Business (and I’m not sure he would appreciate me pointing this out, but hey). It is also worth pointing out that Eric tried to get the Nashe thesis published for many years – decades, really – before Ginko finally did it.
W1: I was right there with him. He knows that as long as he's with me, he can talk to anyone he wishes.
(49) To comfort those among the Christian faithful who were puzzled (to say the least) at their lot in life, the author of Revelation did for Christians just what the author of Daniel had done for Jews two centuries earlier. He wrote a book to demonstrate that because the mightiest of human agencies (the Roman Empire) was opposed to the one true faith (Christianity), God himself (in the person of Christ) must break into human history and bring it to an end.
There were also 4 duet performances… all were good, but the Jessica/Joshua duet was outstanding. They sang Aretha Franklin and George Michaels “I Knew You Were Waiting For Me” and it was really good. She seemed to play off of his energy and soul.. and answer him each time. Really cooool. The others, Skylar/Colton, Hollie/DeAndre, and Elise/Philip were good, but not as noteworthy as the Jessica/Joshua duo.
who raised a family of thirteen children.
A listening ear
*Note : After converting, the butter to be used is 150g to 110g of flour. I made the adjustment as I feel that I might get a butter overdose if I add that much. Also, the original recipe called for roughly 67g of sugar, I reduced t0 55g to cater to my family's taste.
Do you have a favorite one you've created?
He was always friendly.
The cover image came from Jim Gardner.
I went onto the boat deck — it was deserted and lonely. The wind whistled through the stays, and blackish smoke poured out of the three forward funnels; the fourth funnel was a dummy for ventilation purposes. It was the kind of a night that made one feel glad to be alive.
Someone out there has the coolest job ever. They work at O.P.I. and get to come up with all the cute clever names for the amazing nail polish they create. Yeah, a little jealous. I could come up with super cute clever names. But was I told that this was an option? No. Why? Because someone out there wanted me to be a lawyer or something. Lame. Instead of grad school I could be sitting in a cute office surrounded by nail polish and polka dots. Some of my favorite things.
Another collagraph, one I actually like :p
Submit Project as a "linky" to the MB's Treasurista Contest post
Malema was speaking at a gala dinner in Nelspruit on Friday.
The stories were ended prematurely by the management at the Radio Times. Originally they were planned to last for 60 issues with the fifth story to have the title Deceptions (and an unknown title for the final 10 parter). Instead, Coda was produced to tie up dangling plot elements, rather abruptly.
It is absolutely teeming with wildlife.
connected in a unique way
The main aim during the design of the Cayman R was to improve the two-seater even further in its performance, driving dynamics and agility through consistent weight reduction. With a DIN unladen weight of just 1,295 kilograms (2855 lb) the Porsche engineers were able to reduce the power-to-weight ratio of the coupe with standard manual gearbox to 3.9 kilograms (8.6 lb) per horsepower, with the PDK version weighing 4.0 kilograms (8.8 lb) per horsepower. The largest savings were achieved through the use of lightweight components and doing without convenience equipment. As for the 911 GT3/GT3 RS and Boxster Spyder, an optional lithium-ion lightweight construction battery is also available. In addition, the top model in the mid-engine coupe is equipped with the lightest 19 inch wheels the entire Porsche range can offer. The complete rim set weighs less than 40 kilograms.
Emma is offering a £10 voucher to her store.
And how exactly might NAMA support the economy with its mountain of cash? Step forward the NationalChildrensHospital. Indeed NAMA has submitted plans for a hospital at the site of one of its debtors atElmPark in Ballsbridge, so this project could be funded by NAMA without even overstepping Minister Noonan’s suddenly narrow interpretation of the NAMA Act. But the NAMA cash can be used for far more, it can extend schools, convert pre-fabs to permanent structures, build nursing homes or retirement villages, it could even build a proper prison. As long as NAMA gets paid back by 2020 and, in the interests of maintaining NAMA’s commercial remit, as long as NAMA generates over 1.25% per annum on the use of its funds.
In fact, you may already be a fellow Pinterest addict user. If so (and even if not), consider reading Tip #3 in this article (that I just so happened to find while snooping around Pinterest). The tip calls for us to “Make Pinterest Inspiration a Reality.” Here’s a short excerpt:
Building relationships comes down to communication, honesty, sincerity, empathy, and silence. That is all you need to know about building relationships. Well ok not all you need to know but these are the core principles of building relationships. The implementation is up to you. It is up to you to put them in to practice in your everyday life. I will talk briefly on each principle and then bring them all together as they rarely operate independently of each other. Later on in the material we will dive in and develop the principles of communication further to include verbal and non-verbal communication but for now we will focus on the basics of communication as it relates to building relationships.
I hate to diverge from the retro oriented topics; however, I can't help but mention our experience on the utterly destroyed beaches on the Gulf. The Gilligan family is vacationing in my favorite part of the country, The French Quarter. We decided to stop by the beach en route and were highly disturbed by what we saw.
One reason is that customers in the US would be confused, they are not used to thinking about beer this way. But the British are used to it, thanks to a large excise tax that is levied on the final alcohol content of the beer itself. Below you can see the current excise rate. Note that lower strength beer (up to 2.8%) is taxed at half the rate, which is why you'll often see breweries brew a low strength beer in the UK so that they can sell it for much less money (I had a great one at Greene King).
Here are just three of the many projects that caught my eye this week:
11. Twenty-Five Years
Speaking of Kid Cudi, this Summer he teamed up with Bethany Cosentino of Best Coast, and Rostam Batmanglij of Vampire Weekend to create one of the best tracks to leak out of the dog days, the little-known Converse release, “All Summer.” These three giants of modern Indie Music have created the perfect song for those of you who want to punch Fall in the face, knocking it back into dormancy for a few more weeks. “All Summer” was written by Batmanglij and features Cudi spitting nostalgic verses with lush imagery of Summer days and nights past, and a catchy bubble-gum pop chorus bred from the ghostly vocals of Cosentino.
the main one being Jorden needed to be closer to a real bathroom.
1 canned chipotle pepper, rinsed and minced (scrape the seeds out for less heat)
As liberally as to thy midwife show
Named after Cindy and Jerry, who love dining in Paris and know more about it than anybody I've met (despite the fact that they live all the way across the world in California!), the C and J Restaurant Review will be an opportunity for me to post about and review restaurants that I visit in the City of Lights. I've been to some great ones, so this is going to be lots of fun!!!
Why is it that people are so quiet while waiting to disembark from an airplane? This is not simply Canadian reticence, for I’ve experienced it on flights all over the world. People rise from their seats and say very little as they wait for the door to open, releasing them to the outside world. Curious.
My question to them is – “Where are you putting this photograph?”
Edward P. Felt, 41, Matawan, N.J.
514210 Data processing services
I kept looking at my phone….then up….the around…then back at my phone, until I hear Kim say:
You start by dropping subtle hints. “Boy, I sure hope the septic system doesn’t explode today.” Or, ”I wonder if giving those Mexican cartel guys my address was a bad idea?” If your guest doesn’t start packing, the next step is to assemble a potpourri of utensils and first aid supplies; tin snips, boning knife, a small chefs blow torch, a red-hot poker for cauterizing wounds, Bactine (no sting formula of course), and two small band-aids. No, I’m not talking about removal of those pesky in-laws. It’s the season for our outdoor friends – the relative of the arachnid family called Ixodidae. Otherwise known as the common tick.
It’s total assets were listed at $21.3 million, and in the paperwork for the filing they’ve stated that their sales have fallen more than 20%: “The economic recession had a devastating impact on higher-end fashion apparel brands, including ‘Betsey Johnson Fashions.’”
Where he also shares insights and in-depth experiences of these two Ancient Indian Knowledge Systems.
Jesus came to bring us peace. I think it was a powerful lesson in trust that the apostles went through on the Saturday so long ago as they waited for their messiah to be raised. You are faced with the same trust questions. Do you trust that God is in control even of this very situation? Do you trust that he works all things for your good (Romans 8:28)?
I know I almost never mention work on our bathroom* but this past few weeks Joe and I have tried to get some bathroom fitters in to give price quotes on getting the job finished.
I know the debut album is ready! Please tell me more detail about recording process, cover art, album title, etc.)
I haven’t had any work at all this year and wouldn’t you know it, yesterday I got an email asking for a rush job. It isn’t big, but since I have been cleaning out my office in hopes of replacing the rug with hard flooring, my work computer was not in operation. I tried to work on my laptop, but couldn’t get the one program to run right and it didn’t have the reference material on it that I needed. So, I found a stand, put it in front of the couch, and put the CRT monitor on it. Got the computer sitting on the floor beside the couch. I then did the flat layouts that my customer wanted. The problem was I was in such a hurry I really screwed it up. I was sitting here last night watching TV and it hit me what I had done. I emailed my customer telling him to delete what I had sent him. I called him this morning and confirmed that he was to delete it all. He knows that I know how to do it, but sometimes I guess I just don’t think before I act. He said that was OK that we all have had days like that. Now, I better get it right this time. You would think that I would learn to not rush, but it is hard to teach old dogs new tricks.
2010.08.20 Pakistan Sanghar 1 0 A leader of the peaceful Ahmadi sect is shot in the head by orthodox Sunni.
(and you were never very good at binary)
That’s right, suckers. I have a master’s degree in Shakesepeare. Lot of good it did me.
My most recent tangent away from Curse of the Blood Stone occurred while watching a typical adventure movie. The hero and his sidekick rescue a beautiful damsel and foil the antagonist's plans. Granted, the beautiful damsel in this case was brainy and resourceful. But the little lightbulb went on and I asked, what if...?
Medhat A, el-Sharkawy MM, Shaaban MM, Makhlouf MM, Ganhein SE. Acute viral hepatitis in pregnancy. Int J Gynaecol Obstet 1993; 40: 25-31.
Some will point to Israel’s inherent right to exist as a fulfillment of prophesy. Furthermore, they will contend that her establishment has been meticulously planned since the late 19th Century. Indeed, the Zionist dream of a Jewish Homeland advocated by Theodor Herzl and the consequent Balfour Declaration provided a sound template. Unfortunately, one key component of that template was neglected in implementation. Herzl insisted that Jewish State implementation called for harmonious acceptance and integration in the indigenous Palestinian population as a precondition to establishment. This did not happen. Nazi Germany’s treatment of Jews in the Holocaust caused unprecedented urgency, and accelerated the imposition of the Israeli State in a partitioned Palestine. Haste and a lack of local acceptance seemed timely and just to the Allied victors, i.e. a lesser evil. Also, the focus on great 20th Century fascist and socialist ideologies caused a marginalization of Palestinian (much less Islamic) discontent. Indeed, Zionists violently secured their interests against indigenous Palestinians and neighboring nations around 1948, both conventionally and unconventionally. In the end Herzl’s key precondition was far from met. It is even less so today, and the disenfranchised opponents may soon be nuclear armed.
Omer Arbel - There have been many. Once I was walking in a side street in Barcelona, and noticed our chandelier in the window of an anonymous apartment. It made me very happy and proud to know that the piece is illuminating some stranger's home, means something to them, but that I have no knowledge of who they are, what they do, what their relationship to the chandelier is.
I guess this is the case for many scriptures, the Qur’ân as well, reading them where they were created. I can imagine that for the Muslims reading the Qur’ân on the Arabic Peninsula it will give much more sense and meaning to read about themes connected to that area, than it does for a Muslim reading about the same themes in the States. I would even go so far as to say that the serious student should study texts in the area where they were written, in order to get a better understanding and appreciation of them. Of course, I know, not all are able to do that, unfortunately, but should you get the chance and opportunity then do it. For me, to study the Bible and the Talmud here does all the difference, being in their home.
But what is flawed in today’s media is the need to make a story out of nothing. With social-networking there comes a whole realm of opinion and expression (something that celebrities used to only see in fan mail and shout-outs on the red carpet). Now, regarding any topic, any trend, any type of situation, someone somewhere in the social-networking sphere has something to say about it. Especially because in the online world, there are no immediate, physical consequences for these actions.
Tenses weave in and out.
Put the puzzle pieces together. The doctors pretty much gave my dad a death sentence since the Interferon treatment would not work. So we were just praying to God, "why, why, can't you make this treatment work? Why?"
Those lives seem cookie-cutter on paper, but they're executed with such honesty, astuteness, and charm throughout the film. Yes, Jules and Nic are lesbians, but the film doesn't seek to define them as just that; they're family isn't this wacky, unconventional family unit that drinks wine and dances around to "We Are Family". And thank God Cholodanko and her crew didn't turn this into another Sundance-lite fair a la Sunshine Cleaning or Little Miss Sunshine. This film doesn't play for cute and call it good; it doesn't play for alternative and think that is enough; and the filmmakers (Cholodanko being a lesbian herself) certainly don't use the film as a platform of any kind. And why should they? What would be the point? I don't see it the way some film critics do that The Kids Are Alright is designed to make the masses feel more comfortable about Pop 8. That's a lousy way to look at a film that isn't trying to be anything more than a well-observed family dramedy.
“And foreigners who bind themselves to the LORD
The second song starts of in a much slower tempo, which reminds me of Hawa Dramé. But then it gradually gathers speed until, after 4'20, it switches into another rhythm, and a more peacocky dancing ensues. What a delight!
Day 19: Did you have a childhood hide-out? where? Describe it.....
2. Start gambling- Word of your drunkenness has probably already started to spread in the office at this point. So the time before you get thrown out by security is limited. Hobble over to the water cooler, and invite some co-workers over to your cubicle for some poker. When they stare at you in disbelief, take a drunken bow, and say, “I’m in my prime.” But don’t bow too low, that you fall over. If that happens, simply say, “It appears my hypocrisy knows no bounds.” Then make your way back to your desk, and play on-line poker instead. You can yell things at the screen, and challenge invisible players to duels. It’s fun!
this happened to remind me of who i am
4) Two brands can’t occupy the same product category and win.
This was not the last of my rolling shopping excursions. After that, most of my other shopping trips in malls, departments stores and grocery stores were from a wheel chair for a while. For the next three years or so, my lupus continued its exhausting, crippling flare, despite the cancer and transplant chemotherapy drugs I was taking to control it. My lupus even progressed to where one Christmas I didn’t go to the mall at all, and all my shopping took place from my home office desk chair. That year all our gifts were ordered over the Internet and delivered to our house.
So why a pantry makeover you ask? Well, for a couple of reasons. As in any organization project, it's so important to do things that make your space work better for you, and your daily life. And although my previous pantry was so super organized, my kitchen was not functioning to what I thought it's full potential was.
On a related note, Michelle Bachmann’s eyes, which are so piercing, yet so seemingly focussed a few degrees off from the subject, have always made me think of an absent minded witch. She, like Perry, I am sure have already appeared in some folk tale or another, in the guise of destructive monsters from which one might be saved because they forgot what they were supposed to destroy that day.
Young and dumb
Hi everyone. Geraldine here and this month I've chosen "In the Garden" as the theme for the June Challenge. This month your creations can be inspired by all things green and flowery plus all the butterflies, bugs and insects that combine to make a garden. Of course, to some of you a garden might be a place to relax and sip a long cool drink while planning the weekend barbeque....and that's allowed!
veils – mostly in conjunction with widows and mourning
The basic principle with clothing is to wear one riding set during the day while the other is being cleaned/is drying. This works fine unless the weather is really bad and laundry facilities are needed (and usually available at campsites).
“What is writing a letter to the Agong, compared to deceiving the Agong and the Conference of Rulers at the same time?” he asked.
My color combo came from the SU color wheel: Daffodil Delight, Night of Navy, Old Olive and Cherry Cobbler. I used the Fanciful Flourish die from Cherry Lynn and the Textile Texture embossing folder from Cuttlebug. i trimmed off the overhanging parts of the flourish before embossing it along with some paper flowers. Then I went back and glued the parts back in place and added brads to the flower centers. I used the same embossing folder on the Daffodil Delight layer.
Coming back to the statements presented in the Annual Forecasts (Panchangams) the following are issues under consideration.
“It doesn’t matter,” I said. “It’s not relevant to our lives.”
Oh be proud of him
These bee look a-likes are actually flies and don’t have a stinger or anything cool that could inflict pain. It all adds up to easy money. Plus, these flies hover in one spot a for a long time, plenty of time to dramatically sneak up on this scary beast and impress the kids.
MARY AND MAX (2009)
Krystal wanted to hang around after class to describe everything she went through to get the project done.
Of course, one team and a bunch of jokes don’t really define the man. His overall record is extremely impressive, but when put into context, the adjective “amazing” may be a more appropriate term than “impressive”. This next section is something I wrote a couple of years ago as part of a study of the records of Port and Fred Jordan, with some minor editing.
I had a chat with the brewer (Gregg Irwin) who is indeed a weirdy beardy as you'd expect, but a nice chap for all that. The beers are currently brewed in the brewer's home, but premises have been obtained near the Grand Union Canal in Hanwell, so yes, it is yet another London Brewery. Gregg tells me they will eventually cask, keg and bottle and will share the brewery with another brewer doing a completely different set of beer styles (think continental) to defray costs. Gregg reckons commercial brewing is 3-4 months off at present.
My head is reeling! Chiari Malformation, what???? A side effect that many with Ehlers Danlos Syndrome develop. No one told me this! Dysautonomia? Ugh really? There is such a thing as too much information. I'm overwhelmed and over stressed to say the least. My husband keeps saying "what? Really? Why? When? How?". "Can I sell a kidney?". He's overwhelmed with all of this new information just as I am. It's to be expected. She's our baby. We don't want to think of any of these things happening to her. I mean seriously, we have enough to deal with right now. I just keep telling myself, the more information the better. It hurts, it's frightening but at least we know what to watch out for. If she starts complaining of terrible headaches or pressure then we haul ass to get her a MRI instead of not knowing and it being too late. Better to be over prepared then it is to be ignorant to it and getting blindsided.
Speaking from the White House, the president lambasted Republicans for what he cast as a refusal to compromise, arguing that the nation faces a possible “deep economic crisis- one caused almost entirely by Washington.”
Despite tying Clegg up, gagging him and sticking him in the cupboard under the stairs for a fortnight the Lib Dems got bombed. Ironic as most parties look to emulate the kind of local campaigning the Lib Dems have always excelled at. But they've paid the price for selling out. Can't say I'm sorry. They may have been the best local campaigners over the years but they have lacked fundamental honesty at a local level, often prepared to sell their grannies for a few more votes.
One day she’ll be someone’s lady
Therefore I will be giving you this information via a good old fashion blog post!
Do any of you have a group/class/activity that you participate in with your little one and recommend?
I thank you for your grace and mercy in our lives, Lord. Even when things don’t seem to be going well, you give us assurance that you are God and you are in control.
I thought I'd have about 15 entrants tops, but to my surprise, I ended up with 30. Never underestimate the power of free cards, my friends.
Truth - When a man really tells the truth, the truth he tells is that he is himself a liar (p. 261).
The subconscious speaks to us with images, pictures and feelings. Many times when I’m asleep, all I see are just pictures which flip through or float by and of course any emotions which are attached to these images. I call this, my brain cleaning out closets and getting rid of things I no longer need. (Although, nothing is ever really gone, just stored deeper). Then there are the times when I see a truly ridiculous performance played out which really makes no sense but has intense emotions attached. Upon waking I realize there were emotions I wasn’t facing or dealing with properly. This is my brains way of giving me the opportunity to deal with the emotions and dis-empower them so they no longer affect my waking decisions.
Of course Apple won't let you do this. You have to break Apple's rules to use Apple's devices in a proper way.
What is so great about KATW is that they are family-oriented. They encourage children to come on the trips so they can see that they have an abundance of “things” at home when others don’t even have food to eat. The most touching story I heard was while we were in Guatemala. In Guatemala we worked very closely with an organization called Potter’s House. Potter’s House works closely with the children of Guatemala City that reside close to the dump and are children of “scavengers” or people who attain their livelihood from scavenging anything they can out of the dump. I have never seen poverty like that. The story was about a woman who was saying how it was a “good” day when she could scavenge fruit or vegetables for her children to eat. I lost it. I can’t believe that was the woman’s reality. The scavengers have it down to a science, they even know when all the fast food restaurants send over their trash. A lot of injuries occur in the dump due to the mass amount of people that scavenge, people get debilitating injuries that sometimes leave them forced to send their eldest children out to the dump or with an injury that they can’t ever afford to fix.
The reporter went on to describe how some lawyers feel it is unethical for people to stop making payments when they can afford to do so—but there are others who see it as a mere business deal with no moral import at all. (The radio station was not advocating this point of view.)
4) In McCain's case in particular, but generally as well, this sound-byte is obviously racist: focusing on Miranda rights links the "war on terror" to fear of immigrants and to the anti-immigrant Arizona law. As I say, in McCain's case this is just too obvious to be missed. The dog whistle has become a bullhorn.
For real, she does and it’s addictive. She is the real reason I gained 15 pounds last year.
Schematic:
About a month ago, in my Moneyweb column, I invited my former editor to take a polygraph test with me and to debate the issue of press freedom with me at Constitution Hill. I chose Constitution Hill because it is a neutral site in a way. It is frequently used by the Institute of Race Relations for debates and, because it is a monument to this country's transition to democracy nobody should feel uncomfortable going there.
Total geek. I won’t deny it. Geek and proud.
Bishop Thomas Newton
“Are we to read Bible verses and other quotations? Yes, all we please, if we will make them the original expression of our own lives by thinking about them, and adding to them something, if only a sentence, to show that we have made them our own. Always give the writer’s name, or the part of the Bible from which you quote. Commit the quotation to memory and do not read it” (Amos R. Wells, Expert Endeavor: A Text-book of Christian Endeavor Methods and Principles. Boston: United Society of Christian Endeavor, 1911, pp. 9-11; Dick B., Dr. Bob and His Library, p. 114; The Books Early AAs Read for Spiritual Growth, 7th ed., pp. 13-17).
Patty and I share our stories, our struggles and mostly our blessings. It’s a paradox. Being in service, focused on helping a particular group, changes and blesses your life in ways that you cannot imagine. It informs gratitude and opens your heart wider than you thought possible. I write every day, because I cannot teach a creative writing class and not walk the talk. The women I teach keep me accountable, and help me grow as a writer. That’s an important premise in service: the people you serve keep you accountable to become a better human being.
and President Park, who was later assassinated, asked me about my faith and we had a similar conversation—and I’ll abbreviate by just saying “similar.” And he asked me if I would go get him acquainted with a Christian in South Korea, which I did. I called one of my leading
You knew what you want
She leaves the café and Mi Roo chases after her. She tries to convince Tan Ya that she should go to America but Tan Ya just tells her again that she’ll take care of it and switches the subject. Mi Roo looks concerned but doesn’t know what to do.
Coffee break, after which the speakers will answer questions.
We praise Him with respect to the following: that the Father foreshows to His sons, still dwelling in this life that is subject to misery, many gifts of inner consolation.
My goal this year is for all five of our active alumnae chapters to participate and turn in a total of 3,000 lids. This would be only 1% of ZTA's overall goal, but it would mean collecting 614 more lids than last year.
Evaluate all available contracts from service providers at the new Home. Often, the Time Warner Cables will not advertise specials and deals to their current customers. USpromodeals.com is an excellent way to keep your providers honest. When your Interacting with Time Warner Cable to relocate your service, mention that you were on an authorized site USpromodeals.com and saw a lower price. They can give you that advertised price to you.
The Bulldogs also must force turnovers. Appalachian State did not turn the ball over against The Citadel. Just one turnover may have made the difference in that game, and the matchup with Elon will be no different. Bulldog defenders are going to have to make plays on the ball.
Geithner, eh – doncha love him? What does that make his New York regulatory regime in the years before Obama – bargepole?
I Corinthians 13:1-3
And, to rock your boat a little more, you're actually wrong because while areas of Tel Aviv, for example, might have been built on the ruins of abandoned Arab villages, the settlements - to the very last one - were built on unoccupied land, barren hilltops, etc. Maale Adumim is a perfect example. One need only look at EVERY hill that surrounds Maale Adumim to see that not one of them features an Arab village. Wait, that's not true - I'm wrong - on one hill - to the west of the city - there's an Arab neighborhood called Azzariya and it is still Arab today. Every other hilltop - to the north, to the east, and to the south - is barren, was barren when the city was established, etc.
This exhibition at the National Maritime Museum – guest-curated by David Starkey – celebrates five hundred years of the London Thames and its relationship with our monarchs. The narrative sweep is partitioned neatly and chronologically. We see how Tudor and Stuart rulers mounted simply enormous royal processions, mainly for propagandistic purposes. Henry VIII did one for Anne Boleyn. Charles II introduced Catherine of Braganza to the London public with a huge river display for which Pepys himself could not get a berth on any boat for under eight shillings, leaving us to rely on John Evelyn’s account. The Queen’s procession on 3rd June will be the first in 350 years to rival these.
grapes; steamed
It's like a jungle sometimes
I wanted to marry her.
The most viewed posts are not necessarily those with the most comments. Comments come from regular readers, or readers with a deep interest; post hits come mostly from people who are just skimming the internet.
My baby brother was born April 3rd and he was celebrating his 1st birthday in 1962 in this photo.
Did you miss me? I took a hiatus. Actually what happened was the computer desk got built, and in the process computer shuffling happened. That and I took Joy out of daycare cause I didn't love subbing and financially it wasn't working either, we lost money on that venture. So this year Joy is in a 2 day a week Mother's Day Out program on Tuesday and Thursday. This is much needed Mommy alone or with Daddy time. This also allows me to switch back and forth along our lovely new computer desk from the Mac to my computer. So here is a snippet of what life has been like the last 6 months.
ASSOCIATED PRESS
When: Wednesday, October 19, 12:00 PM to 5:00 PM
Smith-Corona Sterling. Serial 4AR 42795. How many people remember my brother Dave's last "What's wrong with this picture" feature? Many must, judging by the traffic it got. Those who do will find this machine of interest. Not only is this another mutant Speedline (4 series) machine painted in essentially Super 5 era paint, it's painted in Desert Sand and has white keytops! Note the keytops are "T" cross section, and note also that the logo is plastic with an underline. In point of fact, the keytops and the logo happen to closely match the previously seen Silent-Super with a production date of 1957. Is that even possible? It might just be, although I'm fairly certain that this color was available before that time. Still, this is about the latest-schemed 4AR I personally know of and it's also important to note that the other 4AR machines we showed with Smith-Corona name brand applied used decals to indicate brand, and model (if used.) This machine has the logo punched through just like the Super 5 machines, and in fact it's the same logo, making the decor even a bit closer overall to being truly Super 5.
Author: Stephen King
Perhaps I was being a little harsh on turkeys yesterday. I mean turkeys are noble birds right? Ben Franklin even wanted to make our national bird a turkey (although God only knows why, am I right?)
Erisman acquired a five and one half year old rye whiskey from Buffalo Trace (that is slightly younger than the standard Sazerac Rye aka Baby Saz)and aged the rye in botrytized dessert wine (i.e. Sauternes style) casks from Napa Valley's Dolce Winery for close to three months. The entire, fascinating story of the bottling, including how the whiskey evolved in the barrel, can be found on the Party Source website. The whiskey that resulted, as described in the notes below, has an interplay of sweet and spice that is unusual in rye. Erisman told me that this "sweet-spicy thing" along with the combination of sweetness in a typically dry whiskey, is what he was looking for when he dreamed up this experiment.
9/27/2008 - Charleston, SC - North Charleston Performing Arts Center
Kobo: 9781409045113 for Adobe, pdf, epub formats
He is an utter delight.
There is currently a private member’s bill in the House of Commons (second reading on 20 January 2012). This includes the key requirement that financial transactions be limited to non-cash (traceable) payments. You can track the bill’s progress through Parliament here.
And I thought it would be kind of special
Probably most of the content online is not journalism. Yes, it was written by someone, but who? We can get an idea from a recent segment on the ABC's Media Watch, which was about the Australian Football League (the AFL) and its move into producing its own content for its own website. The AFL has hired 40 journalists to do this. They're being paid by the body whose sport they cover, to cover that sport. They're not independent. In fact, they're not strictly journalists at all. They're PR agents.
Dipper - Bitter (3.7% ABV)
The river is cold, but the kids didn't mind... and certainly fulfilled their mission to get muddy.
Starring: Kevin Kline, Joan Allen and Sigourney Weaver
Alma taught that there was a two-step process to planting the word, which was the atonement, in one’s heart. You had to create the image of the Son of God in your heart, keeping it there before your sight continually, and you also had to believe in the Son of God. (See Alma 33: 22 above.) All of Christianity understands the part about believing in the Son of God, but we all have misunderstood the part about seeing His image.
From Come Monday by Mari Carr
1 quart of catsup
+ Food
“That one there – there’s no deposit on that one!”
Because Citadel has funded the Concord project without outside investment, it intends to scale down its interest in the company over time. According to Deng, Citadel has explored having the Bank of South Sudan (BoSS) provide a guaranty for Concord to pursue a loan or outside investors to compensate for the loss of the capital from Citadel. If Concord were to default on a loan guaranteed by the BoSS, then the government would be required to pay back the loan for Citadel. For a project that has yet to prove itself economically viable, it is shocking to see how far the government is willing to go in order to facilitate foreign investment in South Sudan.
What I argued then at a time when awareness of PC was just starting to grow in the United Kingdom has been well and truly vindicated. How else are we to explain the fact that a senior British judge can attack the British police both in the twisted language of, and on the terms set by, Neo-Marxists and other enemies of the West? While one could argue that all is not well in the police, all is certainly not as bad as Macpherson and his hordes of special-interest advisers would have us believe. The real target of the Macpherson Report is Britain itself and this includes the naive judge who lent his name to this disgraceful document.
So not only will America be able to buy less Canadian oil even if Keystone is eventually approved, the U.S. will also have to pay more for it because the market for oilsands crude will be more competitive.
22. The neighbor (half a mile away) has a rooster. He crows around 5.30 a.m. When he crows, the pet geese yell at him. When the geese yell at him, the dog that said neighbor just let out before they go to work barks frantically at the damn geese. Every time the dog barks frantically at the damn geese, the pet turkey gobbles. It’s a vicious cycle.
I have heard the argument that bed-making keeps dust and dirt off your sleeping surface. That might be a good reason, if I didn’t have a pet who was half-cat, half-burrowing mole. Taylor likes nothing better than to spend the day under my covers, in a sleep made even deeper by a blanket-induced hypoxia. Besides, I’m sure I shed more skin cells during just one night than could ever float through the air and onto my sheets. (I even found half a toe lying there one morning after I got up — how could anything possibly be grosser than that?)
3:18: Clear the women and children! Head for higher ground! The D-Bag Tsunami is about to hit shore.
So I spoke to a good friend of mine out of the blue one day, we always seem to separate for long periods of time and come back together at the right time. We’re family in many ways. He’s like a spirit guide for me. I can speak to him about my own iniquities and not feel judged. He is a genuinely great guy, and I’m not just saying that because he’s a fellow Leo. We’re apart of the pride so we understand each other. Real humble dude.
The latter three of the aforementioned clubs had top strikers like Fat One Ronaldo, Raul, Zlatan Turkeymovic, Del Piero, Jose Mari and the Jabulani king Forlan.
Still full from the fried artichoke and potato chips from Johnny Garlic's, I was set on taking a looong dinner, so I could pace myself.
The next day, we drove towards our next stop, Hot Springs, Arkansas. I’d always wanted to go and heard about the wonderful therapeutic hot baths they have with all the natural hot spring water – I’m always looking for relief from the nagging pain in my ankle from an old skateboard injury. On our drive up, it started raining cats & dogs but soon, the intense weather passed. Later that evening, when we had checked into the Hot Springs KOA, #1 son called to warn us about the tornadoes that had pummelled parts of Dallas – I told him we were okay – we were spared! Annie & I had two very relaxing nights in Hot Springs. The only noise I heard was the wind and birds singing in the morning. My friend Mike asked me to bring him home a piece of crystal – I didn’t know but the crystals are a by-product of the hot springs. We went to a place called Coleman’s Rocks & Gems and picked up some very cool crystal rock formations. In the beginning, I thought Hot Springs was a National Park like Yosemite but it’s not like that – the whole area was designated as a NP. We walked downtown and stopped in the historic Arlington Hotel, once frequented by gangsters, celebrities, and baseball teams (many teams had Spring training in Hot Springs). We enjoyed a couple nice meals, including a famous BBQ joint called McClard’s – had a very nice broasted chicken with their signature cole slaw and fries. We slept good and the setting at the KOA was quiet with lots of singing birds to calm my nerves.
It does the same jobs and gets us from A – B, but looks, feels and, well, just is much nicer.
Recipes for homemade advocaat typically call for anywhere from half to a full liter of alcohol per dozen eggs. I take a middle path with slightly fewer eggs and split the difference on the booze. The result? More boozy than some, not as much as others.
Type of organisation: NGO/Others
My hunch is that brands who might previously have considered TV as an option have had their heads turned by the bandwagon jumpers falsely proclaiming the death of television as a medium.
Meanings of this Card: "Your life's purpose involves environmentalism * Use earth-friendly products * Recycle * Get involved with an environmental group * Teach others about environmentalism"
How is it looking at your end? Are the font's OK? Would you prefer less curly letters? What about the colours - and the background? Not too distracting? I tried to get the background the right size - but it may show as tiled on some systems. I did have fun last night playing with the graphics programme to create the background and header.
-Red Title Match: TBD
THEY SAY “HOLD ME THERE,
Now the same sort of people as me - sportswomen, cleaners, farm labourers, sales assistants, cafe assistants, barmaids, students, writers, journalists, mothers, wives, friends, daughters, sisters, colleagues, and lots of other decent, hard working, loving, generous, people of all races are being discriminated against openly because they will not allow other people's choices not to smoke to be forced upon them.
So, I am ready and exited to get back to class! Tomorrow I will introduce "Go Fish--Parts of Speech Edition". I think the students will love it! It is my original idea, so if you're interested, I have placed it on my "Free Printables" page.
Combine all in a medium size glass bowl. You will probably need to use your hands to really get everything mixed together well. Break off tablespoon sized portions and form into balls or logs. Place on a parchment paper lined cookie sheet and freeze 10 minutes or until firm. Enjoy!
My novel, House of Zeor, was NOT “the” genre-changer for Science Fiction. Most historians credit Marion Zimmer Bradley’s little story (mind blanking on the title, but it had Cloud in it) in a mid-1950′s magazine with that pivot point.
In this alien land, Shankar thought his dreams of adventure had been realised. At the end of every work day, he would set off to explore — he would just walk — all four directions. In each direction he faced tall grasses, in some places, as tall as him, elsewhere even taller.
they’ll be lying under trees,
When you decide to work for yourself you are in charge of everything, and something’s will fall to the waist side in the process. I’ve learned that structuring my days has been key to my success. When days and weeks are planned thoroughly I feel less like a failure and more like… well… a hustler, so to speak.
This is a strangely good feeling. I sort of wish we'd done it sooner, but maybe there is a bigger cosmic reason why we didn't and that's just ok with me.
I have my favorite saints that I look to for ways of overcoming my faults and weaknesses. As I have noted before, #Catholic traditions allows us to look to the saints to pray for us not unlike sitting in a cemetery talking to you deceased relative.
The Hawks have reportedly collected enough documents which point to money laundering, fraud and corruption involving the league leader. The officials – who spoke on condition of anonymity – said immediately after AfriForum’s complaint, the Hawks applied for a court order, requesting it to grant them the power to obtain Malema’s bank records, his cellphone accounts and the list of companies registered with the Companies and Intellectual Property Commission, be they under his name or those of his allies.
But I don't care
Beautiful day
Sincerity, and peace of mind,
A member of our extended family had a very scary medical episode that resulted in a hospitalization about eight hours from home. I really like the "strong" quote and feel it describes the way many members of the family stepped up and dealt with the situation: with strength and grace.
Buttons, ribbons, bits and pieces, domestic this and that,
“I face the world as it is, and cannot stand idle in the face of threats to the American people. For make no mistake: Evil does exist in the world. A nonviolent movement could not have halted Hitler’s armies. Negotiations cannot convince Al Qaeda’s leaders to lay down their arms. To say that force is sometimes necessary is not a call to cynicism — it is a recognition of history, the imperfections of man, and the limits of reason.”
What do you think of my teapot I’ve created ……….
When you trust yourself
"What do you mean mental state?"
The Boogaloo
Objections can be expected in almost all sales. Handling these objections as they come up is the mark of the professional.
behind, a two-wheeled
1 across
The first 3 were at 6:30 - 7 right on the edge of the X ring. I adjusted up 3 for the next group and up 2 more for the final group. With one flyer at 9.
Last night, while watching a few videos from one of my favorite albums, Leonard Cohen's "Ten New Songs," I was reminded of when I was a child and my father did some trapping of mink and ermine in order to make ends meet. We thought nothing of it. It's what men did to get enough money to put food on the table, maybe some women did, too.
Girl points out the lamb hearts to dad, who is as curious as girl and encourages her to buy a couple.
Your trucks, websites, businesses cards, appearance, and basically anything a customer sees in relation to your business will affect the perception they have of you and your company. Are you putting booties on before you walk in their house? Are you introducing yourself and taking the time to answer any questions the homeowner might have? Are you providing quotes on company letterhead? Do you thoroughly explain what your recommendation is and how it would benefit the customer?
(nominally the Magna Carta 2.0 but probably the UNHCR Beta . . . ) Tuesday, 07 February 2012 Super Admin NO HOLDS BARRED Raja Petra Kamarudin
On September 21, 2006, Sgt. Johnson’s husband, Officer Rodney Johnson, was making a routine traffic stop when he was shot and killed by Juan Leonardo Quintero-Perez, a previously deported Mexican national who had reentered and was living in the U.S. illegally. After reentering the U.S. illegally, Quintero-Perez had multiple interactions with the HPD before shooting and killing Officer Johnson, including at least one arrest for driving under the influence and citations for failing to stop and give information following an accident and driving with a suspended license.
Well I haven't! But I'm still questing for it!
It’s also worth discussing the biggest difference between Doctor Who and Coronation Street. It is, perhaps surprisingly, not the existence of aliens and time travel. Rather it is that Doctor Who is thoroughly middle class and Coronation Street is thoroughly working class. This is particularly clear when you look at the cast making up the ostensible Davison soap: a noblewoman, a boy computer genius, a cricketeer, and an Australian stewardess. Tegan is the closest thing the series has to working class, and her foreignness and exotic job mitigate strongly against that.
and staying-up-all-nightings
BF-EW, BF-JM
As much as I tried not judging the film because of what it is, I just thought it seemed too unreal. Even if you remove the dogs, there are a lot of things that shouldn’t even be possible, so no, I’m not giving the movie a pass. I can’t believe Lisa Kudrow and Don Cheadle signed up for this. I’m not a dog-person, so I really can’t recommend this to anyone except people who are. But if you’re interested, then my only tip for you is to lower your expectations.
Just a Little Bit by Bobby King & Terry Evans
With aprons on the kids were "let loose" and made some cupcake masterpieces.
WU: Tell us about some of the biggest moments in your career.
I’ve renewed my heart; fuck going back to the start
For these projects, I got to use the Bouquet Patches Collection.
Sara Raza Khan - The Pride Of Pakistan Teenager Sara from the city of gardens, Lahore, Pakistan, is the first Muslim girl to take the big leap by competing in a musical reality contest like Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge 2009, in spite of stiff opposition from people of her community. Although, Sara from the ‘Heart of Pakistan’ didn't win the Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge 2009 trophy, her mind-blowing and soulful performance will surely take her a long way. Her great voice and expression not only placed her among the top eight contestants in the prestigious contest, but she also won plaudits from all corners. Sara was eliminated in Episode 37, on Nov. 7, 2009.
In The Map Of Marvels by David Calcutt, Connor draws a map and finds himself transported into it. The only way home is to follow the adventures the map leads him to. A compelling, Arabian nights type adventure with pirates and shipwrecks, deserts and djinn. It's recommended for older children but is the sort of adventure tale we used to read as bedtime story to our 8 or 9 yr old daughter.
As a former farmworker child, my family and I were helped by the services AFOP members provide to farmworker families. But AFOP did much more than that — they helped me break the generational cycle of poverty my family was trapped in. They taught me computer skills, gave me the tutoring I needed to graduate from high school, trained and placed me in a job that helped me pay for college, and something nobody else had ever done: they made me feel like I mattered. They made me see my potential; they helped me believe I could be more than just another farmworker statistic. They helped me find my voice and enabled me to share my story with others who didn’t understand the barriers farmworker children face every day that keep them from getting their education. They empowered me and it is because of their support and confidence in my abilities that I became the fierce advocate for farmworker children’s rights I am today.
This is related to the increasing reliance on credit. Something Cameron said was a problem in terms of the economy’s recovery. That’s right, a capitalist criticising one of the very mechanisms capitalism relies upon. As train fares, bus fares, food, heating, water and so on all rise, as more and more people lose their jobs, as the gap between the rich and the poorest goes up – the leading parties look for someone to blame. Those with the least ability to kick back, to get their views represented in the parasitic media and tackle the misleading lies and information regarding them as people, are the ones targeted – like Byrne’s attack upon welfare claimants.
Following the GA's inability to reach consensus on this subject, those of us on both sides of the debate were tasked with further discussing the issue. Cynically, I found myself assuming the people we had been debating weren't actually committed enough to the process to enter into further conversation. However, immediately after the meeting, one guy came over to continue the discussion. Within a few moments, a group of a dozen people were talking about how power functions, how Latin@ folks are racially profiled as undocumented immigrants, the policing of trans folks (especially transwomen of color), the precariousness of service industry workers employment, and so much more. Here we were, mostly strangers, spending our Friday night standing in Duncan Plaza engaged in political debate.
How much food and water should I pack?
Yet, in between, lurk those For Worse times. Lord, we struggle with those. The grocery store tantrums, the turmoil of that first broken heart, the wild arcs of teenage rebellion or withdrawal. Sure, we've been warned, but nothing truly prepares us for them. If we've ever considered backing out of the deal, it's during the For Worse.
22:00 (10:00 p.m.) – Eastern European Time – Athens / Istanbul
My recommendation :
The novel as self-generating game. What it generates is the game, the rules of the game, rules to reconstruct old and generate new rules. What are rules? Rules are what they do. What do they do? Rules define the parameters of change.
So, well done all of you that correctly identified the photo as a macro shot of some coral.
We have a tomato thief among us. I have long suspected the backyard squirrels have been the culprits.
So sex crimes up by a 100 per cent, and next to that headline, the Guardian have a picture of a smiling DCP Richardson…I was nonplussed. But, I soldier on, because within the first paragraph of the story Richardson takes, what for me is a horror headline and dresses it up with glitter by informing us that this increased figure reflects confidence in the Police service…..somebody please come and pick my jaw up off the floor……sighhhhh. So, apparently the logic is that more people are feeling comfortable about reporting sex crimes because they have more confidence in the police service….I willing to take bets that how it really went is like this…People went to the real Police Commissioner first, and COP Ian Alleyne tell them, make a police report first and then check meh back and we go sort this out….doh hot yuh head!
Wit and Charm met at a party thrown by a man named Sleepy. Sleepy was chattering on and on about things of no interest, pausing only to yawn for no reason. Wit smiled at Charm, who stood politely and listened, seeing no way to escape from the conversation. Her glow and graceful warmth pulled Wit in immediately, who could not escape her pull.
Autobiographical Writings
Panel 2: In Jurassic Park the companies names are InGen and BioSyn. (I don’t think the latter is named in the movie, but it’s there in the book). Swapping their last syllables seemed the easiest way to change their names to me back in the day. Also note the bit someone wanting a coke. Get used to lines like that. 12-year-old me thought they were hilarious, and only got better with repetition. You can also see, in this panel, where I’d penciled the dialog and then unsuccessfully tried to erase it before inking the page.
From reading one book for one small assignment, I ended up writing another big assignment, and I'm currently working on my third piece for Runner's World. And I got to talk to Michael Palin! Yes, that Michael Palin!
Although Park Yoochun has been experiencing body aches, the actor has been unable to pay a visit to the hospital due to his extremely tight drama schedule.
-You get excited to go grocery shopping ALONE on Friday night
‘This could be a very rich way to become educated,’ he said.
The finishing touch....I sewed french knots in the center of each flower using DMC Pearl Cotton 5 thread and a size 20 tapestry needle. (I used a green plastic needle threader to thread my needle...they look like a loop).
(Why, yes it DOES say "Tink" and it does have a little pink paw print, too!)
So remember the F-Express and a time when ELO and Queen ruled the juke boxes in Kensington. A time when PS 179 was the "school" and PS 321 was not.
I, for one, salute the general back.
Rubber gloves will help you deep clean without drying out your hands, exposing them to harsh chemicals, or burning them in hot water.
We say to those Europeans: We can get by without you, but you cannot get by without us. We can get by without your products. We will buy from China, Japan, Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Malaysia, from the Asian countries. We will say what King Faysal – may he rest in peace – said in 1973, in the days of the petroleum war. He said to them: We can get by without the petrol, and return to our days of yore. We will make do with milk and dates. We will drink the milk of our camels, and eat the dates from our palm trees. King Faysal said this when there was a threat to Arab honor. It is all the more true when there is a threat to our Islamic honor, to our prophets, and our religion.
Is it so much to ask for??
Similarly we’ve built great depth in the middle distances. In the 800 we had eight women under 2:00 lead by Alysia Montano (1:57.48), Morgan Uceny (1:58.37), Maggie Vessey (1:58.50) and Alice Schmidt (1:58.61). Uceny lead the world over 1500 at 4:00.06, with Jenny Simpson (4:03.54), Christin Wurth Thomas (4:03.72), and Worlds semifinalist Shannon Rowbury (4:05.73) all among the world’s best.
Tell us a little about yourself. Like a lot of independently published authors, I am assuming writing is not yet a full time career. How do you pay the bills in between writing projects?
Crossing things off lists
Anna Mae Routledge ... Laney
Hello! Here in the UK, we’re experiencing the hottest March on record and no-one is complaining!
Cameron really is trying to give us a story here, and he’s trying to offer social commentary, and he’s trying to have a real environmental consciousness, and he’s trying – whether it’s the conflict between industry and environment, or the conflict between two different cultures – to suggest that we can still move forward as we hold onto who we are.
I got so many women
a search and rescue playing dramatically
Alrighty so yes once again I am behind. Its over a month!? ACKK!! It seems to be the story of my life right? I’ll make this semi quick as I have to get ready for class tomorrow. Once again at the butt crack of dawn… And yeah that fox picture from the last post is still a WIP! ACK!
This past June, I had lunch with my friend Alison who worked with Paula and me at that downtown agency. Alison was an account executive under Paula. She too had moved to Long Beach, and also eventually wound up working at Disney. I met her in Burbank and we had a wonderful lunch, kicking around old times and catching up.
Light is so cheap and easy these days. You flip a switch and brightness leaps to do your bidding: fluorescent, incandescent, LED, neon, halogen. Darkness has been consigned to the back of the closet, to the space under the bed with the dust bunnies. It comes out to roam the house during our sleeping hours, but it doesn't govern our waking ones. We can work or play games or read fluffy novels until 3:00 in the morning if we want to (or even later!), all without damaging our eyesight, because we have all the light we want at our disposal.
To start, I used one of my cabinet card images which I scanned and printed onto cardstock and cut out, two 7Gypsies book covers, a scrap of corrugated cardboard to create the depth and mimic book pages, die-cut chipboard gears, and a knife.
The US gives billions of dollars in military and humanitarian aid to Pakistan, but has questioned its reliability as an ally in combating the militants.
As I watch him jog off towards the doors of the grocery store, already working the casual swagger of a much older and cooler boy, I fight back small swells of irrational panic. I mentally take in the parking lot. The people coming and going. Cars, trucks and vans that could hold something or someone suspect. Finally, after a thorough casing of the joint, I reach an uneasy peace.
Of a daydream, once beautiful
Difference: -3.4
Melanie bristled, thinking he was disparaging her concern, but the intent way he studied the scene made her realize he took her seriously.
38. Does someone have a crush on you?
Unless it involves their own interests. One would expect the Aquarium itself to lead by example but you’d be surprised.
While I don't buy into the notion that Authonomy can help writers build readership--a few hundred reader recommendations hardly constitutes a following--I agree that showcasing a manuscript online is probably not an issue, as long as it's not being promoted for sale. The notion that merely by posting your manuscript online you exhaust your first publishing rights dates back to the early days of the Internet, when the concept of electronic rights was brand-new and it wasn't clear what sort of competition they might present to print rights. I doubt that many editors these days would be greatly bothered. (A more relevant question, in my opinion, is how bothered they might be that you’d posted your manucript on a website sponsored by a rival publisher--especially if you’re currently submitting your manuscript elsewhere.)
We had less merchandise but I was again pleased with our set up and our sales. We got to chat with a lot of nice people and would love to participate again next year. The promoter also puts together this event in November while this is only for one day it is a wonderful atmosphere and a great event all around.
I cannot help but feel the scientific theory of evolution is under attack worldwide. What can we do?
We have to broaden our horizons people. I know our hearts and minds were captivated by “Tebow Mania” in 2011. Tebow is a great competitor but there is a big world out there folks. It’s not you Tebow, it’s us. Well, okay it is you, or to put it honestly, the media hype machine. Quite frankly it’s time to start seeing new people.
Our town is having a city wide rummage this weekend
Congress that passed all of these massive spending bills, and he signed the
While Teagan cried, I got Ashlin in, the stroller away, then went back to Teagan and sat in front of her, at her eye level. I asked her to stop crying and to listen to me. That she can’t go running into the road, that she needs to listen and be a good girl or she won’t get to go to playgrounds with just mommy and her sister. She did say she was sorry, and said she’d listen.
Any extra cherries are going in pie
Our Design team has been busy designing projects using the new release - Today you will want to check out Sharon Johnson's Thrifty tags today using the new Just A Note Stamps by clicking here.
For example, you may be looking for coverage for a commercial roofer inMichiganwith a high loss ratio. It is likely a wholesaler or MGA would simply list “commercial roofer” as a product or eligible class on one part of the site. They may address state eligibility and loss history elsewhere on the site or on the apps. As such using just the words “commercial roofer” would yield more results than the words “commercial inMichiganwith losses” strung together.
I was on baby donkey watch for a while. I cannot believe Molly Isabelle has not had her baby.
Mistake #2. Noh Omar, Muhyiddin Yassin and Khairy Jamaluddin all rushed to her defence, but not one of them addressed the question above.
The Sun.
PERFECT! By next week, I’m purchasing one of these for summer or maybe both. Well, I’m happy for myself that I could do things like this on my own way already. Shopping is beginning to be a hobby especially now that I’m not so busy anymore. I’ve got the whole summer to shop! However, still looking forward to earning more because I’ve got no allowance for the whole two months. That’s one of the best things about summer, right? Haha, alright. I’m being sarcastic on this. Just kidding.
Sorry, for the lack of updates, my desire to blog has just vanished recently. I have a couple of things to talk abut but nothing earth shatteringly interesting, just about hair.
In musty frock
In 1968, racial tensions were palpable as the Civil Rights movement rallied and mobilized Americans supporting an end to the blatant racial atrocities of the day. More and more, the journalistic media began to air the footage to support getting the word out about the many realities and inequities on how Blacks were viewed, treated, and kept in their place in America. Maryland lies at the Mason-Dixon line between the North and South, and its history reflects the turmoil wrought out of the bigotry and Jim Crow law no longer legal, but hard to change as human behavioral change growth is most difficult when anchored in resistance. My mother gave me clear and detailed directions about riding the public bus for the first time out of my neighborhood into an all-white part of the City. Her protective clarity and warnings about what I might encounter scared me, though I was a very tall, large, and confident girl who had not feared people or places before. I struggled to digest why anyone would want to harm me, but against the backdrop of the television news shows, I soon realized that Negroes are not safe when travelling alone. As a working woman and single mother, my mother could not afford to accompany me to the large junior high school where school testing was provided. I arrived at the school of four wing locations after walking alone from the bus stop, which let me off about a quarter-mile from the school. I walked alone quickly speaking to no one, and soon arrived on campus confused about which entrance to enter. After two failed attempts, I approached a caucasian woman just arriving on the parking lot and asked about where to find the school testing entrance. She turned out to be the school psychologist who would conduct the testing, and I walked with her into the school. She was nice, talking comfortably with me – she felt safe to me. I liked her and soon was not afraid anymore. Taking the time to explain the testing and timeframes with me, I started the varied aspects of testing. There was a comfort in knowing that test items were not difficult for me, and I completed all sections before the alloted test period ended. I would return in two weeks for results and a discussion of my placement recommendations. I left assured that I, a Black girl, had done my best.
Lord, help me to be more tender, joy-filled, gracious....
A huge thank you also to our sponsors for giving us such fab prizes to give away.
6. What group was notably absent from the company returning to Jerusalem from Babylonia (Ezra 8:1-20)?
soldiers, and those who continue to risk their lives so that we may be free.
Mathew Bolton
Stephen Simon (Executive Producer) has produced such films as “Somewhere in Time” and “What Dreams May Come” and is the author of “The Force is With You: Mystical Movie Messages That Inspire Our Lives.”
after sitting too long in the dark. No,
Wine pairing: Epiphany 2009 Riesling Santa Barbara County, CA
“Lower our taxes and we’ll call it even,” the manager replied.
Later I am sitting here after dinner, you know, doing this. Watching Flight of the Conchords clips and stuff. She is rattling around downstairs.
I store my buttons in little glass jam jars with raspberries on the lids (too sweet!). So I thought I would make a sparkly little pin cushion/button jar gift to accompany my card. This is a cut glass canning jar that I picked up at Hobby Lobby for a song. I used a scrap of fabric and cotton batting to create the cushion portion. Then I set about decorating the jar with layers of felt die cut borders, flowers and an assortment of buttons. And there you have it friends. Next up on the hop
12. The owner who smokes Blue Master drinks beer
There’s no clear-cut delineation on the settings menu. It just says there are two English tracks, without being specific as to which track is which. To inform you now, Track 1 is the ‘International Version”, contracted by Toho directly. Track 2 is the long sought-after AIP audio track. For some unknown reason, there’s no documentation ANYWHERE, either on the jacket or the menu to tell you that the AIP dubbed track is even THERE, let alone that it’s Track 2. Similarly, even on the commentary (Audio Track 5), they never explicitly say that the AIP track is included. They hint that, “Clever fans can find it with a few button clicks.”
Of importance is there is a very good working relationship between the business owner and the team of mentors. As mentors, we are convinced that the business owner and his manufacturing firm will be an operational and financial success. Central to that conviction is the business owner’s attitude and resiliency. The fact that the mentors are volunteers and have no financial stake in the business is an important part of the relationship. Stay tuned, there will be much positive news about this company!
No.10/02/2011-E.III/A
Dayyibu and I put the tire back on Bob’s motorcycle wheel, put the wheel back on, and adjusted his rear brake. I also determined the engine to a water pump here has no compression. It’s kind of at a dead end for now until I can find a compressed air source to do a cylinder leak down test to determine where the leak is coming from. I also started to work on an orange Mitsuba motorcycle that hasn’t run in a while. The spark plug boot, or cap, was missing and the bare, non-insulated spark plug wire was just wrapped around the tip of the spark plug. I went into town with Dayyibu, bought a new spark plug boot, dropped into Salamoun Voyage to eat some more soya (steak). While there, I also had some fried bread known as jinjin. It was kind of sweet and tasted a little like a croissant. I think it had a little bit of sugar sprinkled on it. I also had a fried plantain which was not as appetizing as I thought it would be. I figured I like bananas, especially the delicious bananas here, but not this fried plantain. Oh well.
There is a Box in my sidebar that will take you straight there.
It's a good one. It stops you flitting about all over the place and ending up with a half-dozen fragments of novels/stories. But you see, I've got this idea. My CERN story. It has an ending and has taken wing. But I'm part way through another that's going stale on me and, well, do I ditch the stagnant story and dive into the CERN story? Or do I act all professional and craft some life into the stale story?
into a serving bowl and serve at once.
Carl is also available, schedule permitting, to work with authors to do custom covers, but those are more money. Contact him for info.
most humbly and most pure, in the Virgin’s womb.
has now been long forsaken
Read more on Scalar / Plasma / Electromagnetism via frequency VLF and HF and the ‘Scalar Square’ that could be being produced by the AMISR :
In his book Russian Literature: 1995-2002 – On the Threshold of a New Millennium N.N. Shneidman writes:
The print of the woods was my 90 year old neighbors.
Charlotte County Sheriff’s detectives arrested Harry Alexander Beatty, 21, 20526 Midway Boulevard, Port Charlotte, for pawning jewelry he stole from his aunt after she took him in to help out when he got out of jail Dec. 22, 2011. Beatty was charged with 19 felony counts and remains in jail on $249,500 bond.
I've been on a bit of a roller coaster for the past 36 hours or so. I've had amazingly positive things happen that have left me awestruck, wondering what I have ever done to deserve such luck. But there have also been a number of moments, some stretching into longer periods, where I have simply been off my game. Nothing major, I'm sure, but something inside just isn't quite right just now.
Ok so how shocked and disappointed was I when I found out what the challenge was for Magnolia Down Under this week!! Make your sentiment the focal point of the card. WELL, as some of my friends know, sentiments are NOT my strong point BUT when you have an image that's half it's usual size made for holding a sign then PERFECT!!
Alas, I couldn't find an image of a bottle of Marmite ANYWHERE, so, completely BY RANDOM, I found this action-packed image by one of my favourite comic heroes, Frank Miller. I've NO IDEA what it is about, but I'm sure it's an intelligent, thoughtful and non-bigotted and even-handed debate about the so-called 'clash of civilization' we've been hearing so much about since, oh, September 2001.
You can stream "Blunderbuss" in full in the player below.
Gregory: one more quick question -
Is this everything you wanted?
But the power of us tethers my heart to yours, a choking kind of love more powerful than this hate. I know these things you feel are too much, that you need me to help you. If this is the need that must be filled as you heal, if you need to destroy the happiness who used to glow ‘neath my skin… Surely it’s better than destroying yourself.
Exhale. He pulls the trigger, the tiny hammer set to strike the middle barrel. The gun kicks and the flying round catches something in the air, something in mid leap and closing; the round sends it sprawling, course ballistically altered. Bruce pops the cylinder again and pulls the smoking shell free his his gloved hand. The shell goes in the another pocket, his eyes never leaving the form now moving spasmodically across the alley. It quickly slows and after a moment the form is still.
Music on the Acer Iconia Tab A200 suffers somewhat from the lack of volume produced by the speakers. It’s not quite enough to really fill a room, so you’ll be doing most of your listening through headphones.
Her room was a small temple, a womb-like cocoon of sensory soothing. Softly lit, warm, embracing. Scents enveloped me – some familiar, some not so. And music, one of the gently captivating ila CDs that I love so much.
Rakeback will be the Equal to an Unlimited Poker Bonus
I have a problem.
and author of "A History of the Modern Fact." "I think the thing Americans ought to miss most about facts is the lack of agreement that there are facts. This means we will never reach consensus about anything. Tax policies, presidential candidates. We'll never agree on anything."
5.
When American officers ordered the able-bodied to retreat, Father Kapaun, a 35-year-old captain, refused to leave the wounded. As the Chinese soldiers began lobbing grenades into the dugout, Kapaun negotiated a surrender.
Roll out dough between two sheets of lightly floured baking paper until 3mm thick. Use a 4cm (1½in) cookie cutter to cut out cookies. Use a paring knife to trim stray bits of cranberry from edges – if the dough gets too soft, place it in the freezer for 5 minutes. Place cookies onto prepared sheets, 5cm (2in) apart, and bake until lightly golden on the edges, about 20 minutes.
The Church's Perspective
Watchers stop looking
All the rest is just useless annoyance and I am not going to get my knickers into a twist for THAT anymore, I'm way past that!
But there’s no standard out there by which all teachers must measure up. A quick survey in class last week among the fellows found schools where the expectations ranged from strict and inflexible to almost lackadaisical in their approach. Every question on a homework assignment might be checked for accuracy or just skimmed to see whether it was completed. Missing work might be a zero — or not count at all toward the class grade.
- pinking shears
I could bore you to tears by telling you how much I adore couscous and its immense flexibility. I could also go into a dizzying amount of detail about the history and origin of these wonderful semolina grains. Or, I could save you (and me) the time by simply telling you that this salad tastes amazing and is absolutely worthy of your efforts! If you don't mind, I'll go with the latter.
My first job was an anti-oppression, arts-based employment-training program, being offered by this youth-run, arts/media centre. After that, I worked for a local community garden, mainly taking care of the garden, weeding and planting, but also asking questions whenever I could. The last job I had been with a non-profit, Environmental Youth Alliance, as an intern for six-months. It was such a rewarding job. There were roughly 12 interns, including myself, taking care of three community gardens E.Y.A. managed in the Downtown Eastside. I learned more about the city I live in, other ways of living and eating, gardening, and how valuable community places are.
UNHCR stressed that any return to Somalia must be well-informed and voluntary, and that the country’s situation is not yet conducive for organized repatriation. “While famine and drought conditions have eased across Somalia, insecurity continues to cause displacement within the country,” noted Mr. Edwards.
What I knew, and they clearly didn't, was that they were about to be ripped off. They were about to be taken for a ride, scammed, cheated out of money. And so, donning my good samaritan hat (because I hate to see tourists in Paris being taken advantage of), I intervened and informed them they were about to fall victim to one of the most popular tourist scams currently infecting Paris.
I bet you’ve made a quiet commitment to God before. We’ve all done it – asked for His forgiveness and promised to live for Him. We whisper out our prayers in the privacy of our own living rooms. We dedicate our lives to Him in the midst of worship. It comes from our heart and is as sincere as the day is long. The words pour through our head and our spirit, affirming our desire for His ways. But does it ever come out of our mouths? Have you ever made a public declaration?
8. Ditto for Wednesday nights
Work to do. Errands to run. Time to rest.
Is it done when my critiquers says it's done? When I find an agent or editor who wants it? When everything I do only seems to make it worse? When I start a new project and lose interest in this one? When, despite taking a step back for a week or two, I can't stand to work on it for one more second? Somehow these all seem like unsatisfying, analytical ends to what has been a very satisfying creative process.
Today we get a sleep in for the first time in a week! It is great. We get up and have a shower and have breakfast. We then head out to the markets. I have brought some items to send home, so Rico wants to do the same. I buy a few things for myself today. Rico buys himself a t-shirt. I buy myself an alpaca woollen hat an alpaca woollen jersey and a bag! Now i look like a local! Rico likes my jersey, so decides to buy one too. While we are going through the market we come up to the Witches Market. Here you can buy llama foetuses. It is really good luck to buy a foetuses and bury them under your first house for good luck. We then have lunch. I order vegetable soup 10 Bs (NZ 2) and a large plate of fries for 12 Bs (NZ 2.50). Rico orders a toasted sandwich for 10 Bs and we get a litre of coca-cola for 10 Bs. It is really yummy! After lunch we decide to go to the Museo de la Coca (the cocaine museum). It costs 10 Bs to enter (NZ 2). It is a really informative museum. It describes how coca leaves have been used for centuries and how it was originally a medical wonder drug used for anaesthetics. We also learnt about how cocaine was used in the manufacturing of coca-cola until 1915. The coca leaves are still used in the manufacturing of coca-cola for the taste. After this we decided to head into the main plaza of the city. Here there is another cathedral which is just as impressive as the first one we saw yesterday. Also at this plaza is the presidential palace. It is an amazing building. The only negative about this plaza is the pigeons. There are thousands of them! We then met up with Tom and Lewis to go out for dinner. We go to a place called the Star of India. It is the Indian restaurant in Bolivia. I get butter chicken, rice and a garlic naan bread and a glass of red wine for 80 Bs (NZ 16). Rico gets the Rogan Josh. Lewis opts for the hottest dish in the restaurant which is the Vindaloo. If you can finish your whole plate, you get a t-shirt. It takes him twice as long as us, but he finally finishes his meal. We each try a bit and it is very VERY hot. We then call it a night and head back to the hostel for a quite night. We again watch a dvd on the computer since we still cant manage to get onto the internet.
I’ve begun to get the idea that a big part of the trouble I have in life is that I have little idea of how to surrender. This is evidenced by the amount of time I seem to spend suffering from boredom and running from silence and solitude. Life has become very much reduced to function for me lately. I’ve shifted more towards “doing” than “being.” It feel okay and I’m functioning at a decent level, but I wonder that I haven’t run out of steam or dropped the ball entirely. How long can I keep running? It feels like forever.
For, when debts are payable, right or wrong,
The cast of all casts
Thanks for stopping by! Be sure to visit Mo's Challenge blog to see the fabulous creations from my wonderful teammates! We hope you'll join us this week! We always love seeing your beautiful projects! Don't forget that for every 25 entries, Mo awards a $5 GC to her store! I'm sure you'd like to be that lucky winner!
Tonight Team Xtina and Team Blake performed. The catch? Each coach was going to send one of their members home immediately afterwards. Tomorrow, 2 more will go home. The coaches seemed surprised by this move.
5 boxes of cereal
Likewise, when Steve Jobs died, he did so with more money than you or any of your “job alliance” buddies – ten times more than most of you, in fact. And upon his death the entire nation went into mourning. We set up makeshift shrines to his brilliance in front of Apple stores from coast to coast. His biography flew off the shelves and people bought Apple products and stock shares in his honor and in his memory. Does that strike you as the action of a populace that hates success?
And besides...would this immaculate specimen hurt me?
But in the meantime, it's Monday again and that means it's time for a new sketch! This week we're back to playing just for fun with a sketch from Debbie Carriere to kickstart your mojo! As always, feel free to substitute if you don't have a specific shape!
“”Then the King will say to those on his right, ‘Come, you who are blessed by my Father; take your inheritance, the kingdom prepared for you since the creation of the world.” (Matthew 25:34 NIV)
As she pleaded for a guitar for herself, Olivia spent the weeks before Christmas trying to get Madison to ask for a guitar as well. But Madison never wavered when it came to her wish. She wanted a camera for Christmas.
Turn off the TV while you’re cleaning and organizing, and let your answering machine field your calls.
I'm only sending out about 15 cards. But they are going all over the world.
Tonight(this Monday), Alibi are showing the cult classic TOMMY(1975) a rock opera with The Who in it and who also helped to write it. The film itself is an enjoyable, with the protagonist being Tommy(surprise, surprise), who is deaf, dumb and blind. His mother tries several things to help him and all fail to help him. Then Tommy discovers a pinball machine, and despite his disability becomes brilliant at it turning him rich and famous, and “the object of a religious cult.” The film is wonderful, a feast of visuals and music galore, and even if you don’t like The Who, well no worries you’ll still enjoy it as it features the likes of Eric Clapton, Tina Turner and way more! Oh and afterwards there’s karaoke!
carpeted area of the living
I shan’t elaborate too much about my folks, but I admittedly do get burnt out being around with them due to the lack of positivity like support, encouragements and jokes (some insights from this entry I wrote).
The title of this reading is "Defining Moments"
Skin darkened, sporting darker mustaches
Day 2: Kitten's First Full Moon by Kevin Henkes and So That's How the Moon Changes Shape! by Allan Fowler. We also did phases of the moon using Oreo cookies, but I didn't get a picture because we ate the cookies too quickly!
So, today, I honor the Blank Page and those brave souls that venture out into it with me–often without a safety net. I’ll see you when you get back and we’ll swap stories, because that’s what it’s all about isn’t it…
How many other Trayvon Martins are there? How many more of our children have died and vanished leaving no imprint because their parents, unlike the parents of Trayvon Martin did not have the wherewithal to hire a lawyer to seek justice for their murdered children?
Your loyalty is not to me
Fletcher: Oh so do I sir, so do I, but we are just the go-betweens, ain’t we eh? We are merely here to maintain the status quo. And if we don’t come to some little arrangement they go in the auction Sunday.
“What’s he doin’ upstairs with your wife?”
“It’s now nearly two years since David Cameron promised change for Britain.
10. Elite
So, what’s guaranteed to make you climax? Something physical? Or is the mere thought of something enough to send you on your way?
Alice in Paris Loves Art and Tea - A blog for those who enjoy the finer things in life. You'll find lots about Paris and art and tea, and so many other wonderful things (including some beautiful photos). Don't let the title fool you; although it is as classy as the French capital, this blog oozes Atlantic Canadian charm.
George Carlin
Back to the race. I really was not feeling doing this race and was somewhat worried that I was burnt out on triathlons! But luckily that’s not the case as I had a really fun time; I think I am STILL super tired from producing TriRock. My dad and I drove down to the race site on Saturday morning and for once his wave went off before mine. So I mingled around reconnecting with old friends and chatted about the course and our race strategies. The swim was an out and back in a channel so it should have yielded fast times. NOT SO MUCH. I guess spending all Friday surfing (about 4 hours worth) was not the best way to taper before having to race an oly distance triathlon. Well I came out of the water in 27:43 not fast but not super slow either. I ran through T1 and had to move someone’s stuff out of the way which was a total PIA.
me? i'd pick the winner from which comment i thought deserved it :)
Please if you have an answer to any or all of these questions, drop your answer (s) by way of comment here or by leaving a post on my page; www.facebook.com/iddonnutrition and I would really appreciate it.
My daughter is less stealthy. She's like the Godfather in pigtails demanding goldfish and strawberry milk. She wanders the halls bumping into things and humming the Wonder pets theme song.
On to better things! We have had two entries into the challenge already! Yay...Don't forget to join and go to the your work page to see the new entries... I have left the previous works up because I don't want them to get erased, so the challenge cards were added after the blue lady posted by Mary J.
SET @NbrOfMinutes = datediff(mi
In the case of heavy chariots, with four horses and such, Warmaster says to put them in a double sized base (80x80mm). So just use the 60x80mm base (ready to use with FOG) and add some fillers or a movement tray for Warmaster.
The Story of Variety with Michael Grade comes to the conclusion that live Variety was killed off in the mid-to-late-1950s by a combination of television, scheduling rock stars in Variety stage shows (which split the audience into two groups, neither of which were fully satisfied) and adding strippers (which destroyed the appeal for family audiences). But this did not kill off the acts, merely the places they were showcased. Sunday Night at the London Palladium thrived on ITV in the 1950s and 1960s.
They commenced torturing me again with 3- 6- or 9 strokes of the fan belt every day from about July 11 or 12th..to 14 October 1969. I continued to refuse to lie about my roommates again.
● Marx, Letter to Arnold Ruge
- Those are great shoes. I stole a pair just like that one time.
I won't bore you with all the nitty (pun intended) gritty details but I will tell you that since seeing the "Lice Lady" I am now quite knowledgeable in the field. She checked the three of us and treated Sophia completely so when we walked out of the salon there wasn't a single visible egg upon her head. She charges $100 an hour. It took us an hour and a half. The kids watched Toy Story on DVD while she went to work. It was stress free and WORTH EVERY PENNY, including the hour long drive it took us to get to the salon in Elmsford, NY.
Former Worcestershire County Council leader George Lord has been jailed for four years for a series of sexual assaults.
So my 25th Birthday is just a couple days away now, and I already know what two of my gifts are... Already know the girls at work are going to decorate my desk and shove a ton of confetti everywhere. I'll be pulling out "happy birthday" glitter until my 26th lol.
The most important thing that the tower told Psyche was the all important don't eat any of the food down there or be stuck in the Underworld for eternity clause that queen Proserpina knew all too well. However, the tower told Psyche that there was something she could eat and that was coarse bread. So with this advice Psyche was able to make her way past all the challenges and make her way to the queen's quarters.
I am so glad that HBO introduced me to this series of books. Martin has created a world that I love spending time in and characters that are able to pull me into it. A Clash of Kings gave me a much different reading experience since I did not know what was going to happen like I did with A Game of Thrones and as a result I was able to become more involved with the story. I am now fully committed to this series and can’t wait to start A Storm of Swords. The only thing I am not looking forward to is the insanely long wait between books as I am positive I will finish the five that are currently out long before the sixth and seventh are released!
For this week I have this nifty little "hanging basket" I found. It's really just lightweight fencing of some sort that someone creatively put together with wire. I didn't change the hanger or how it was pieced together as I loved it just the way I found it. I thought it was pretty cool! I knew exactly what I wanted to do with it the minute I picked it up! Have a little look!
Yesterday we enjoyed a very warm day. We talked about Spring and all of the wonderful things about it. We went on a long walk to the park, we made little birds in a nest, planted seeds, weeded the garden, and read some books about Spring.
PETA’s Sexism Indirectly Reinforces Speciesism
and I used a piece of grey lace, a chain, and some string.
Well, almost - the 100% truth is that the portable DVD player that you can see at the far back left was actually very close to the left front edge of the table, because I don't see very well, and in order to see the DVDs, I need the player to be pretty close to my face. And that is why the iolite fringe necklace is lying precariously close to the edge of the workbench - that was the only place it would fit (plus I needed it pretty close to me, too, just so I could see my work!)
Behind the Tivoli theater there is a car park and on the walls there is some fantastic Graffiti It is no accident that the college of art and design is across the road.
The real value of the information gained from the webbot project comes through in the ability of the decoder to make sense of that information.
Years ago, I was chased by wasps whilst I was trying to enjoy an ice lolly in the park with Father of the Year and Holly, who was about 2 at the time. I tried to bat at them but they took no notice, so I tried to move out of their way but they kept following me, persistent little buggers.
Gas Grills Reviews Reviews (gasgrillsreviewsreviews.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Next we stop school and do our real morning routine. For me this means brush my teeth, wash my face and put on make up, and get dressed. My daughter brushes her teeth, makes her bed, and gets dressed.
The reason for the mad dash is that in most, but not all cases, the samples come in nice logo glassware and the main activity engaged in by most attendees is a frantic progression from table to table, to accumulate as many free glasses as possible, as quickly as possible. In many cases they don't even drink the whiskey, they throw it out.
I love you guys. Thank you, thank you, thank you!!
This is an obsession I could do without. I'm feeling poor at the moment from all of the shopping I've been doing non-stop for the past few months and it doesn't make it any better that my husband keeps on warning me about a serious financial crisis out there. (Where?)
Please allow me to repeat a favorite poem of mine:
But I have to say… I was Glad that they were there for me to Return to, as I hadn’t really listened to them for several years… And Amy Lee and I spent many a Night Together, Healing My Heart
I sure love you, Steve.
Next up, I think I'll match a few of these ideas up against my 'criteria for a good campaign' and see which one has the most promise.
Lisa Germano has the rare ability to render complex emotional states into deceptively astute and intelligible lyricism. The music on this brief record (34 minutes) is equally beautiful, at times heartbreakingly so. That it’s taken me four years to discover the album is regrettable. In The Maybe World is a small masterpiece.
The same situation extends across the Western World. In fact European nations, such as Sweden, which have smaller native populations may well become majority non-white before we do. Even in the larger countries the problems associated with mass immigration are becoming obvious, however, their leaders do not see the solution to the problem as stopping immigration, but rather by getting rid of a homogeneous native population. This was made clear by French President Nicolas Sarkozy when he said "the only way to stop the violence and hatred of a multicultural society is through inter breeding between the races", what else was he calling for other than the irradication of the original French people?
Do I love it? Do I hate it? Honestly, I don't know any more. I think it might look like the ill-advised haircut just-cut-it-all-off haircut I got when I was pregnant with Z. Or it might be a perfectly nice age-appropriate style.
Either way I had to keep him quarantined, and had to miss church and the Christmas concert and am just praying that the littlest one doesn't get it...or anyone else, especially with Christmas around the corner and lots of visiting to be done!!
But most recently, we have had birds again. This time they are roosting in the newspaper slot of our mailbox. This is the fourth year they have set up home there despite Eric repeatedly removing nests (before they lay eggs - if there are eggs, we leave it alone like any good Samaritan) and despite blocking the entrance to the box. Trust me they are persistent little buggers.
He didn’t seem insulted. What would it take to get him angry, to hurt his feelings? To get him the hell out of this bar?
talents are you may find out through this exercise, and these lessons,
Here are a few words from Sarah's heart---
"Last year we found a puppy in a dreadful condition. We had to take him directly to a veterinary surgeon who said he was suffering due to neglect."
Submitted by Threeze Sharpensteen
Her boyfriend believed the body-hugging clothes she wore was the cause of the rape and she was no victim. He had broken up with her. She commented on the story about her rape going about the neighbourhood and blamed it on the couple that had helped us… I bit my tongue.
We are the product of this poet’s hand:
When you check out her blog be sure to also check out her home tour. Everything is so fun and bright, I wouldn't be able to walk into a room without smiling. And lucky us (totally selfish on my part), she has recently relocated and I CAN'T WAIT to see what she does with her next home. No doubt it will be gorgeous.
Indeed, the most important feature: we were greeted with great excitement about the treat in store, and it slowly dawned on us that our main function that evening was to serve as an excuse for this outing. As soon as we had begun to tuck in to our glutinous servings, a conversation began around us about the best store in London to have arrange your wedding list. I kid you not, this was only a few years ago.
… let’s go inside.
these characters are not cynics, nor are they pessimists (who can be spiteful). They simply feel suffering and expect to have to endure. They feel a certain gloom about their prospects and lament the deterioration of the situation, but they are extremely grateful when things turn out well.
I remember my first Christmas adventure with Grandma. I was just a kid. I remember tearing across town on my bike to visit her on the day my big sister dropped the bomb: "There is no Santa Claus," she jeered. "Even dummies know that!"
I’m sad because…
The difference is with the defense. In the two seasons before 2010, the top teams (Florida and Alabama, in both cases) sported defensive rankings which were no lower than third in the conference. Auburn’s 2010 defensive SDPI ranked seventh in the SEC.
Melbourne Storm taking on the Newcastle Knights at Olympic Park and
Wherever you are in the journey, may you have a blessed Thanksgiving.
At least I hope so. If I’m still alive. You know, in case I have dropped dead randomly from all of the four-year-old attitude I get on a daily basis. Or the ‘Mummy, I don’t love you’ comments. OR (and this is my favorite) the full on, drop-to-the-floor- I’m-so-pissed-at-you-I-can-barely-speak-fits. Ya, those. You know those. Probably one is happening right now.
*I* know what records I have in my pipeline for this series; if you have suggestions please leave a comment! It's entirely possible your suggestion will trump something on my list.
Just so you know that I am still here. I have not fallen out of the “blogosphere.” I am not dead.
Well I dropped the blogging ball and haven’t been on here in months. But I would like very much to get better this year. Yes that’s a New Year’s resolution you see, lol this one is followed by my resolution to wear a bikini this summer! So hopefully I’ll be able to blog a little more and hit the gym. Lofty aspirations right now, we’ll see how I do.
The bruschetta however, missed the mark. Instead of manageable two-bite crostini, these were huge slices of grilled bread and heaped with toppings of tomato, cannellini beans and roasted peppers with goat cheese.
And his claim that the theory is independent of the means used to test it is pretty desperate too. Psychologists normally rely on "operational" definitions -- i.e. they define the concept they use BY the means they use to measure it.
We were drinking apple-cranberry tea, her Lhasa Apso, Princess, curled in a ball under Betty’s chair, and my dog (of indeterminate breed…possibly part-coyote, part-lab, maybe a dash of border collie in there), Mama Cass, lay across my feet. I loved how Betty always let me bring Mama Cass in the house. Cass went everywhere with me, but not everyone is as gracious about her as Betty.
It's getting frustrating and I'm running out of excuses.
So...we're not lawyers, but we do have an IP/Copyright attorney who once specialized in prosecuting scammers in his former life, looking over our shoulder. "Jaws" keeps us pretty well aware of the law and how it applies to the scammers we deal with.
Despite being an undisputed classic, this is somewhat of a revelation to me. I love the combination between red and olive green in my kitchen, I just hadn't considered using red to anchor the colour schemes in the kitchen and dining room which carries a dark grey on it's walls with touches of yellow and green.
I would like to thank Alan for taking the time to conduct this interview! You can check out and purchase his book from Amazon by clicking here. I would also like to thank him for giving me an acknowledgement in the book, that reads, “Greg Caggiano, a close friend of mine, also helped keep me sane throughout my initial research and later work in the book. He was a person that I could bounce ideas off of, in addition to ranting and babbling incessantly to until I realized he wasn’t even listening. But I thank him a great amount for being there to help me out and lift me up when I hit rough patches.”
Where did you go? Where did you go?
“8 – There is no need for repentance because the substitute has been made and the Father sees all men as righteous.”
And because I love you.
For years, I felt a little insecure about Tina. I felt like my ex still had a thing for her, but don’t we all have a thing for our first love? I’ve admitted before that I have some trust issues/baggage, but ultimately, I trusted him when he told me had zero interest in her. She was married, to a preacher of all people, he told me. She had children, and he would never want to be with someone who already had children. And, she was not attractive anymore – motherhood had not done her well.
I had this meal earlier this week - it was one of those "kitchen sink" type meals where I was trying to use up bits and pieces of things in my fridge, yet make something tasty for dinner. I had black beans and corn to use up, so I took that, added spinach, tomatoes and red onion. I seasoned it with a bit of cumin, lemon juice, and hot sauce (you could easily use a bit of taco seasoning or something instead). I put a fillet of tilapia on top of that mixture, put it in a foil packet and stuck it in the toaster oven for about 25 minutes (I think it would be quicker in a real oven)...just like that - quick, healthy, and tasty!
The HSE on their web site make the following statement: There is no mandatory list of contents for first-aid boxes and HSE does not approve or endorse particular products. Deciding what to include should be based on an employer’s assessment of first-aid needs. As a guide, where work activities involve low hazards, a minimum stock of first-aid items might be
The Brewer's Union's Mild, Au Naturel, was fantastic. Amazingly flavorful for a mild and a little extra hopped, I had two.
A rose coloured variety of Java apple should be eaten when deep rose. It has a crispy texture with a flavour of myrtle, a good thirst quencher when hot. Many cultivars are seedless. This is Ketsanee’s favourite.
Each time I discovered a new beer blog I found yet another through their blog or one of their articles or their blogroll or list of mates. I could see what the pubs were doing with food in Portland, what was new and happening in bars in Texas and Missouri, what craft brewers were doing in New York, what was worth drinking in Canada and I could follow the quest for real ale in London. All this from behind a pissy little laptop and a glass of beer!
DEP will provide interested parties and citizens an interactive public notice process. Features of this new process include the following:
I think about how it is sometimes hard to tell truth from fiction.
Here are a few items from the last year that I *really* hated to see leave:
I can say though, that I do have better days now. Not so many bad. Surviving has become second nature. In the beginning, it was an everyday struggle. Now it's a kind of new normal. Although the sting doesn't hurt as much, the hole doesn't seem quite as hollow, and the black hole seems to have started to form a bottom.. there are days where the black hole bottoms out and the light disappears. I suspect it will always be like this forever and ever. That's something that I can't seem to wrap my whole brain around. As of now, I have gone 7 months and 2 days without her. I have made it to this point when I didn't even think I would make it through a single hour, day or week. So to keep going.. well it should just get easier right? That's what I hope for. And for the most part it is more bearable. But it's the quiet moments that it becomes difficult. It's the moments of stillness and empty that I miss her most. The times when I come home to an empty home and clean floors. The holidays don't seem to bother me as much. It's the smaller stuff I miss. It's the small stuff that matters.
- Jimmy Miller: choeurs on "Sympathy for the Devil"
He spoke on Hard work and what it meant to him.
15. What question have I NOT asked at BTT that you’d love me to ask? (Actually, leave the answer to this one in the comments on this post, huh? So I can find them when I need inspiration!)
480-353-7312
Once upon a time I would have said that popular fiction was pretty much what I read. But after reading John Brendt's "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil," I was sold on the possibility that a non-fiction book could be just as compelling as fiction. Possibly more so. Depending on how the story was told.
1 Intro
Dies/Punches - Cheery Lynn Designs French Pastry doily and Martha Stewart edge punch
Another quiet day...
I absolutely love this time of year. September with its hint of autumn but the joy of an Indian summer. October with its beautiful colours and lovely sunshine to cheer us up and bolster us against the chilly evenings. Not long now before we can justify lighting our real fire in the living room and indulge in all that comfort food.
Dr Lombardo is board certified in adult, child and adolescent psychiatry and is a diplomate of the American Society of Clinical Psychopharmacology. He is the author of “Understanding the mind of your bipolar child”
Today's project is a journal and matching card that a friend asked me to make for her sister-in-law's 40th birthday. The request was for "girly, pretty, pink and green", so this is the finished product.
Our recent faculty achievements and publications in top ranked journals, by Prof Raju Mazumdar in finance area, Case publication of Prof Krishna in marketing, are testimony to the excellence that we pursue in business education.
Here’s how the blushes look in the packaging:
red darling!
Intrinsic factor is essential for the absorption of cobalamin. A lack of intrinsic factor also leads to pernicious anemia, so called because it persists despite iron supplementation. Neurologic symptoms often precede anemia when cobalamin is deficient.
And checking it twice!
It's said that fascism is always descending on America, but always landing in Europe. We're about to witness the abrupt and violent end of the Progressive Era. It's not at all clear what will replace it, but the old Chinese curse applies in big, blinking neon letters:
remembered for Jesus and that He only came to earth to die for the sins of the world and redeem mankind.
Bastrop – Prison and military vehicle motor pool.
Are my memories due to the photo album
This is a simple tutorial how to transform socks into wrist-warmers.
For years, Invader was among the coldest of cold cases. Then, in October 2008, this website appeared out of the blue, prompting conniptions among collectors prone to daily Google searching. Suddenly, the mystery unravelled before our eyes. We'll hand over to Invader's Noel Thompson (guitar/vocals) to take us through the who/what/when/where/why:
No matter how nervous I might have gotten before a performance, never was I as terrified or intimidated as I am sending out e-mails to my favorite authors asking them to read my work. I agonize over every word when I send out my request worried that I have gushed too much or haven’t been glowing enough about their work. More often than not I assumed the writer I am querying won’t have the time to read my stuff. I mean, we all have deadlines. Big name writers have BIG deadlines. They don’t have lots of time to spend on reading other people’s manuscripts.
After getting through the first book of the series of Dark Ones I was ready to try the second book. Sex and the Single Vampire brings back the original characters from the first and adds some.
Note: I recently made this Classic Chocolate Cake for my sister's birthday and had some leftover dark chocolate. So instead of using chocolate chips, I just chopped up the dark chocolate to bits and used them instead.
They are pretty rare here, and I always forget how much I miss them until one happens.
Butter a shallow casserole and layer with half
The stamps are all from the new Stacey Yacula Sweetest Day collection from Purple Onion Designs. I went with a wood-sy theme for my card and used some garden twine, a wood button and papers from My Mind's Eye.
And I now know where they have been
Transfer to serving bowls, dress with a good handful of peanuts sprinkled on top, add the chilli flakes (to taste, they are pretty hot) and cucumber then serve with the lime wedges and mint leaves.
While one of our friends and my dad ran this race as well, we all ran separately. While most of my long runs for this training were on my own, I was looking forward to knowing I could get through all the highs and lows of the marathon by myself, and I'm really proud that I did.
When Sauber copied the F-duct at the 2010 Australian GP, they had their F-duct stall the wing via a stalling slot in the main plane of the rear wing. While Ferrari and Red Bull followed McLaren with a flap stalling F-duct, Force India, Renault and latterly Toro Rosso have gone the way of a main plane stalling solution. By stalling the wing much further upstream, its possible that the disruption to the airflow further reduces the upwash, in turn reducing drag even further. On the downside the wing may take longer to see the flow fully reattach when the duct is disengaged.
Why is this dish called Toad in the Hole? Donno. Seriously. Not even the internets could tell me. Hey, if the internets don't know, then it must be a mystery.
Sage is the smallest of the three, and seems to be the most delicately built. She was pretty frightened of us when she first arrived, but took a different approach than Spice. Instead of straining against her rope and trying to escape, Sage would just stand super still and stare at us until we went away. There was a mutual agreement that we would just ignore each other and everyone would be happy.
Recently, we discussed the Census data that suggests Hispanic enterprises are growing more rapidly than non-minority businesses. Although we laud the fact that the number of Hispanic and other minority-owned businesses have increased, a closer look at the Census numbers might reveal a lesser achievement.
#4. 7 random pieces of information.
The worldwide Irish family numbers at least 50 million (some would say 80 million). The family analogy is a good one and merits teasing out. Why not do so? Take five or ten to reflect on where you stand on being Irish. Clearly you relate to Ireland – the Motherland – but is it confined to a feeling of bonhomie around St. Patrick’s Day? The chances are it’s something more than just pleasant sentiment (everybody empathises with St. Paddy’s Day) but actually defining what may be difficult. Now may be a good time to begin. Probably the intensity of your sentiments depends on the closeness of your links. Those born in Ireland, or the next generation, are more likely to feel strong affinity than somebody whose ancestors left Ireland in the 1850s. Have you traced your ancestors? Or are you close enough to the Motherland to count as an Irish citizen?
The Ass-Elbow Anti-Crime Plan in Full Effect.
So I approached The First Bayonet, Steven Hildreth’s spy novella set in Egypt under Hosni Mubarak, with some trepidation. Hildreth and I have been banging heads over politics on a biweekly basis for the best part of a decade now. (And I know he reads Clancy and Flynn and Thor. I know it because I followed him onto Thor’s official Facebook fanpage and trolled it mercilessly). In addition, there’s always that risk when looking at a friend’s work that you become too critical, either out of overreaching for objectivity or simple jealousy.
In the name of Jesus Christ, who alone saves, Amen.
C. Sins
Are we acting like the body of Christ or have we gotten good at just "sounding" like the body of Christ. God doesn't want excuses or answers, he wants ACTION!!!
Thank you to everyone who entered and spread the word. I am humbled by your excitement about my contest!
After so many years of playing though, Nick began to resent the sport he once cared so much about.
Fearing the destination for it is not only unforeseen but could be a dead end
11. Electric Land
I think the berries are from Kort og Godt,
To finish off the poster I added simple graphics, a tag line I thought of and made the eyes glow. I always enjoyed seeing Batman’s eyes white in the cartoons; I would love to see a movie with this effect on all the characters. So, till my script is done enjoy this photo.
But, in my book, “Duchess”, that’s her name, is tops.
The Mod dogs and Rocker dogs all nodded their heads in agreement and understanding.
“Hey you!” I say in English. “You number card! You say me! You say me now!”
lad, wrapped in nightly winds, in chimney
I’m enjoying reading your blog but today’s story is making me think that you are more sensationalist then an objective observer. The story clearly said that it was an misunderstanding. Yes, family living outside the area where the school bus is operating is a problem that should be dealt with but it’s not related in any way to what you are trying to make it into. The biggest mistake you can make in this “new phase of a very old war” is to lose credibility.
Bomb Girls is a Canadian mini-series that just ended it's first six episode run last week. High ratings for the show have made it the #1 New Canadian Original Drama of 2011/2012. Twelve more episodes have been ordered - very exciting news!
The best way regularly are you presently in a position to place any carrier in close proximity to to the road, possess instant fall-in-love covet, speedily go to where you can research search engines for instance the major search engines the item And pay attention to out and about it's very affordable? Almost never. That is exactly why this Cambridge Updwardly cellphone Satchel ($$156 : $187) ought to obtain for each single and each and every with each girl' desire a declaration this kind of holidays.
Currently, every stream in the United States is contaminated with carcinogens. 99% of native prairies have been destroyed. 99% of old growth forests are gone. 90% of the large fish in the oceans are gone. It’s estimated that unless there is a dramatic shift in course, global warming will become irreversible in around 5 years, eventually rendering all life on this planet doomed.
She isn’t the typical shrinking violet character and though she is compassionate, brave and kind, Makino has major flaws: regardless of how funny it is, punching people out is hardly the way to solve things. Her quick temper and stubbornness hurt people, just like her belief that the wealthy all behave like the insipid morons at her school. When things don’t go smoothly for the her and Domyouji (and let’s face it, they never do), she frets and wavers which hurts everyone involved.
Wow. I’ve totally been in my own world the last few hours, I forgot I should write a new post! Since I try to write/show something almost everyday here so.. yeah! Another “in the middle of the night”-post! I’m sleepy.
I think sometimes people feel nervous about talking candidly about motherhood and their own scheduling choices, and I understand that. Parenthood is emotionally ridden, because everyone cares so much about their babies—so sometimes it can seems as if, when another mom makes a different decision from you, you are at odds. Differences in parenting choices can make people defensive. But, really, making various parenting decisions is like apples and oranges. We have to remember that there are 824,739,894,536 ways to be incredible, loving parents, so we should all support each other and our lucky babies.
However, I do know that salaries like that are made possible, and only made possible, because people like us are buying shit or services.
Jesus Christ is real and He is God. God became flesh and lived among us. He walked on water, He healed the blind, and He died & resurrected to save the world. We don’t know exactly what He looks like. We have a few ideas of how He looked while He walked the earth and Revelation gives a description of Him when He returns. We can however know about His character by reading the Bible. If someone tells you Jesus is any different than how He’s portrayed in the Bible….then they’re not talking about the true Jesus.
Marvin Berry: "I hurt my hand. The dance is over unless you can find another guy to play bass."
We were asked to rank our top 5 and I honestly just can't do it
Who ever has the hearts hanging on their bedroom
Please leave your email address if you don't have a blog
didn't save any to try that way. You notice I say sorta and
Liz explained that these forests in this area are choked with rhododendrons which can be quite impossible to penetrate when in full leaf. So much so that early hunters dubbed them "rododendron hell" and they could actually walk on top of them! I'm betting that they are beautiful when in bloom, however.
Writing the stories has been an interesting experience as I've been both fascinated and deplored by Jimmy Kiley’s ruthless imagination and his inventive means for killing his hapless victims (where he gets his ideas from I don't really want to think about). I should note that none of the stories involve any sexual violence - they're more gangland hits with cameras.
We are now heading for elections, which will be held on September 12th. Our electoral campaign will focus on the need to restore our national sovereignty, because without our sovereignty we cannot defend our identity and fight against Islamization.
It comes with lots of shapes and cutout files, but you can also use fonts, shapes and logos from your computer to design your own cutouts. Or, you can purchase more shapes, letters and cutouts from the Silhouette online store and download them to your computer, like these:
one dimensional
Dedicated to all who have suffered at the hands of Visteon
Wei snorted in disgust. Valdosta reminded him of one of his early posts back home in China. Flat and uninteresting with a slack-jawed and uneducated population, the world would have been better-served, in Wei’s mind, if towns like Valdosta – and the little rural village where Wei had assumed his first company command – were wiped from the map rather than assimilated.
If it is only the pure in heart who see God, what corresponding purity of heart is needed to hear God? How often have we dismissed His word because it has come through an earthen vessel not of our choosing and whose accent and coloration conceals God, but does not make Him mute? Better to choose to believe God in that speaking than to dismiss it as man.
When French explorer Louis-Antoine de Bougainville and his ships La Boudeuse and Étoile landed at Tahiti in 1768, the political jostling to win the foreigners’ favour continued – Tutaha this time securing the advantage.
Memories of my unknown child, fade slow.
When Jelly Bellies first appeared on the market, there were only eight flavors: Very Cherry, Lemon, Cream Soda, Tangerine, Green Apple, Root Beer, Grape, and Licorice, which was reportedly President Reagan's favorite.
In 2011, the group reunited.
years ago; we don’t know how soon those might become a factor around the Atlantic basin, or even if they will. It’s unsettling to realize that we may have no way of finding out until the first one hits.
Aparently Sloane believes that nothing good ever comes about voluntarily, that innovation only occurs at the barrel of a gun. Sadly he’s not alone in this worldview. A good many people also subscribe to the notion that without a government directing every aspect of our lives we’d all be lost. As Tom Woods notes in Rollback “It is not the case that without the political class [...] our limbs would be blown off by exploding consumer products, and [...] we’d all be working in a mine for a dollar a day.”
Even the horses that live in the paddock just outside my house couldn't be arsed with me today.
2) Pneumonia: An infection or inflammation of the lungs is usually associated with fever, and cough. Chest pain related to pneumonia is common
I should point out that I've noticed tricksters are more often secondary characters than main characters, especially in middle grade and Young Adult fiction. This is probably because tricksters tend to be extraordinary, and we like to read about ordinary main characters, although they may be thrust into extraordinary situations. Tricksters aren't always easy to relate to, of course; when you're around them, you might just find yourself muttering, "Smartass," and heading for the door.
“to have a voice and to use it”
Hold curl well(like enamal)
68 from
In my humble opinion, what SHOULD have happened, is they should have gotten our fridge on the very next truck leaving that warehouse and brought it to us at a time-frame we chose, not them. Why? Because we already arranged our schedule to meet them the first time, it is their turn. It is called CUSTOMER SERVICE. We paid you, now you deliver. Secondly, I know that Monday was an option because it was a date would could have picked when we originally chose the date.
and it was just quiet.
Oh yeah... and I get to post a selection of books with my name on, to show you the covers. How cool is that?
Security systems outside the house were a better deterrent since they gave residents enough time to initiate self-defence action or call for help.
Ronan wrapped his arms around her, “I hope she does, by all the power in me, I hope she does.”
from Super Nana said...
Tall-guy: “Dink is great around people. He’s never bit anybody. He just has to assert himself with other dogs because he’s a born alpha.”
Just to put into perspective how popular Jekyll and Hyde was: It sold 40,000 copies in its first six months of publication. This was astounding at the time. By 1901, it had sold more than 250,000 copies. This was at a time when the common person on the street couldn't read at more than the most basic level. Many couldn't even write their own names. Public readings of Jekyll and Hyde were not uncommon.
Preheat oven to 200C/400F. Line a normal-sized loaf tin with baking paper, and grease or butter exposed sides (the short ends).
This progression is making personal and internal the gifts of last month’s grand trine. At that point, three areas of your life locked together and firmed up, into a supportive patch of ground, tiny as it may be, that is beginning to flourish. Mystical, transcendent Neptune is watering that patch of ground now — perhaps with compassion (toward yourself, first of all), perhaps with artistic inspiration, perhaps with spiritual guidance and insight — and nurturing further growth. This is the platform on which you will stand when Uranus and Pluto go at it in June and September . It’s the promontory that will remain beneath your feet when other parts of your surroundings and life break away.
government. The People will no longer tolerate the lies, the
Acting wise there needed to be really strong performances in order to get some of the heavier themes across. Wisely for the adult roles they crammed it with many recognizable faces. Out of the adults I really liked Woody Harrelson (Haymitch Abernathy), he got to hit some great comedic beats and yet he also creates a wonderful character arc, all thanks to the subtlest of touches. Now Jennifer Lawrence had a huge weight on her shoulders trying to carry this film. She comes through very strong which is good seeming how important Katniss Everdeen is to not just this movie; but a rich tradition of strong female leads in science fiction. Josh Hutcherson as Peeta Mellark is fine, but I don’t think he really gets enough attention. Considering that he seems that his character is important for the next few movies, a little more attention on him would have been appreciated.
Sweet, soft lips will not know love’s first kiss,
I think about how much time is wasted in trying to get people to take responsibility and acknowledge that improvements must be made. Everyone thinks they are immune. It is always someone else’s fault. I worry for the day when I will be expected to step to the plate and manage – I have staved it off for a while, turning down promotions. But I know it is inevitably around the corner. And I hope, that I will have the guts to own it all, lock stock and barrel. The successes and the failures. It is easy to take credit for successes; harder to take credit for the failures. But if you can’t; then management shouldn’t be your profession. But I truly feel that it boils down to integrity. When the chips are down, you either have integrity or you don’t. I am usually not so black and white with my opinions; but when it comes to core values: honesty, integrity, etc. I feel there is no gray area. No one is perfect; but that being said, If you are willing to own up to your shortcomings, people are more willing to forgive and move on instead of wanting to crucify someone. If you own to your mistakes – no one can take away your integrity. They may take your job; but they can’t away your integrity – and there will always be another job if you’ve acted with integrity. This is part of the reason I have not taken on a management position. I want to be the kind of person who would be willing to resign should the failure be mine. To be honest, I am not willing to at this point in my life, my family relies to heavily on my income. So I turn down promotions (job security over career growth). But I still believe in integrity and honesty and will always tell the truth and own to my mistakes no matter the consequences, the difference is that I don’t wait until a major failure happens to do it.
Angelina looked with alarm at Juniper.
Like silver flashes fishes swim
Video: Obama’s Actions On Israel Worry Democrats Israel requested bigger bunker busters from US Video: Why Does UN Rights Council Turns Blind Eye to Terror? Israel abandoning Har HaZeitim (Mount of Olives)? 20,000 women escaped the Holocaust by working as maids in England
that that original whispered aside
Do I have to? Please, I really don’t like this car. I get nauseous.
All that said, however, two answers present themselves not as bollocks, but rather, as the dog’s bollocks: in the immediate term, debt forgiveness. And in the medium term, the removal of all monied, commercial and financial lobbying interests from Western politics.
1400 grams of Sugar
she becomes a California Girl
That was eight years ago. Ms. Cook still works for her ex-husband, now as a laser-procedure trainer. Two years ago, the couple self-published a divorce guide, “After the Happily Ever After.” Although they still squabble a lot, both say they are friends. “Leaving before the fire burned down the whole house made a big difference,” Ms. Cook says.
He pulls Robin toward him, caressing her as she pulls herself away.
Snow and ice and i’m all a quiver
Ariel tries not to groan.
If that’s not enough, it is popularly believed that had the Mexicans been defeated at Puebla, France would have occupied Mexico. VEry significant for US history given that this happened in 1862 and France’s southern leanings. Since both the territories of New Mexico and Arizona had sided with the Confederacy, and Texas was a card carrying member of the CSA, the American Civil War could have ended very differently.
How do you inspire the team to generate great ideas?
The night before last, in a rare moment of leisure, Dean Haskins’ story about the missing birth record of baby girl Virginia Sunahara caught my eye. http://www.birthersummit.org/news/73-was-baby-virginia-sunaharas-identity-stolen.html
it came with everything. all the gadgets and extras.
How have we arrived at a place where a basic service recovery job with the media, after a fatal POLAC, where one of our officers has effectively killed a young girl for no reason, becomes something we need to be rewarded for, while the family grieve alone? This story says everything about how today’s senior police officers see themselves, what they regard as success (i.e. in how they dealt with the media story) and more importantly, what they really think about “Citizen Focus“.
grumble...mumble..."Okay, let me get to work..."
We had committed ourselves to each other. I decided to leave for England in September 1946 to read law, leaving her to return to Raffles College to try to win one of the two Queen’s Scholarships awarded yearly. We knew that only one Singaporean would be awarded. I had the resources, and sailed for England, and hoped that she would join me after winning the Queen’s Scholarship. If she did not win it, she would have to wait for me for three years. In June the next year, 1947, she did win it.
These local representatives would would be elected to act on strict mandates from their voters and be thrown out if they vote against their mandates, so that the working class majority in Auckland would control the running of the city.
We finally discover exactly what Kukaku Shiba’s plan is to get the Ryoka into the seireitei. She’s going to use a massive cannon to shoot them over the seireitei‘s walls. However, there is an invisible forcefield around the walls and the ryoka have to learn how to focus their kido (spiritual energy) into a specially designed sphere that will allow them to pass through the forcefield (rather than explode on impact). Everyone but Ichigo picks up the trick quickly enough although when he finally learns how to do it, his massive kido nearly destroys the practice space until he figures out how to decrease it to manageable levels. While all of this is going down, the thirteen captains of the Soul Society are holding a meeting to determine the fate of Gin Ichimaru for allowing the ryoka to escape alive. He tries to play dumb, but it’s obvious that what he did was a grave offense to the other captains and that he knows more than he’s letting on. Their meeting is interrupted however by an alarm declaring intruders in the seireitei (which I’m assuming we’re supposed to think means the ryoka but I have a suspicion that there are other forces at play). When it’s finally time to shoot the ryoka over the seireitei, things are going according to plan until the group actually hits the barrier where their shield dissolves and the group is split into four parties and shot in separate directions into the seireitei. The four groups are 1) Ichigo and Ganju, 2) Orihime and Uryu, 3) Chad, and 4) Yoruichi (with Chad having basically sacrificed his ability to be with the group to make sure Orihime and Uryu were together).
my mom made all of her bedding and also the bedside lamps - i'll give details on that later!
And picked up The Story of Art, by E.H. Gombrich at the Brooklyn Museum of Art recently. A classic. Clarity in a field – art history – not exactly known for its clarity. The other non-fiction I’m working on now is Babel No More, an investigation of polyglots, or people who somehow manage to learn multiple languages. Fascinating.
“696 – Miley Cyrus/The Strokes”
blossoms and pink silktree blooms
Despite the efforts of the Exclusionists, James ascended his brother’s throne on Charles’s death in February 1685. He and Mary were crowned on April 23.
That brings us to last night. I met with Kristina, and Jay, who has spent some time in Australia (so her English is quite good). We went to a place called “All-American Diner” where I ate vegetables heated up from the freezer (crinkle-cut carrots! Yay! I felt like I was in America!) and drank water. We talked for a while and then we helped decorate their Christmas tree. I was fortunate enough to put the “Merry Christmas” in the branches. It was so American! Do the Americans only celebrate Christmas? I’m not sure what it’s like in the melting pot. Anyway. It was a quick ride back to Gunsan and a restful, dream-filled sleep.
Please contact J.W., Jonathan Stein at: (860) 751-4482 or jstein@wsj4.org with questions.
This sweet little fellow is busy building a nest right now.. I took this photo yesterday afternoon when he was on the roof, but today I saw him taking some of my Mexican Hair Grass. Good thing he isn’t able to pull out the new growth..
Again during the occupation of the Wisconsin Capitol last winter many of these same forces came together around the April 4th 2011 ILWU 10 port shut down in solidarity with public workers. These actions exemplified for many, the role labor could and should be playing in organizing actions to defend the most oppressed communities and the interests of the entire working class.
The day of the chop is set for Friday 13th January. Yes, Friday 13th!!! I am brave, aren't I?!
My grandma would have been 100 tomorrow. She used to leave her shoes upturned at night for her husband to notice the holes in the soles before she could get a new pair. Children not that many decades ago walked miles to school without shoes. People used to be hung for stealing a loaf of bread to feed their starving families. People were deported for similar minor crimes.
If you would like the opportunity to join our team, please email me at birdteamcall@yahoo.com
It’s interesting to me that in the shadow of all that, I’m writing so much now.
It took me two years of wiring & crying to get a sound to come out of the new (old) thing; another year before we finished the first record: thOUGH the LIGHT seem SMALL ... patience—yes—I am beginning to understand ... ALL during that time I was writing the songs—my impatience being slowly peeled off of me like an old skin ... no more use for it ... impatience ...
"So soon?" I stall and stare wide-eyed at him. How does he transition the way he does? I never knew anyone could do it so smoothly and quickly.
become a grandmother...
Happy Tuesday my crafty friends,
4. We sit & wait with baited breath that we will get featured!
He did that full time and in the summers he also worked landscaping with his cousin. In 2007, we made the big move down to Charlotte when the economy was not the best, so Joe found work with a landscape/hardscape company to start getting a paycheck. This job fueled his passion for working outdoors and he loved the fact that you could do this profession year round unlike Ohio where it really is seasonal. After getting certified in hardscapes Joe made the move to a waterscape company where he learned all about building ponds/waterfalls/etc. Joe fell in love with the waterering aspect of landscape and spent 2 years fine tuning this craft.
Act : Ilum – World Pvp – Republic Level 50 – Empire Level 50
Has He promised to never leave me, never forsake me?
Keep an eye on the website for any updates including the name of the band and such.
painted it with Tombows, cut it out and layered it
We worked for a little over 7 hours and then we went home. Usually we work 8 hours but today they cut it short due to the fact that one of the big boys son was having a baseball game and he wanted to attend.
There are the clanging chimes of doom
Extra Lives at Flagpoles
The Plot: Juliet, ten, has lost her best friend, Lowell. Why? Because Juliet is a girl. Six years of friendship mean nothing, now that Lowell is friends with Tommy and Mike. Boys do boy stuff, she is told, and girls do girl stuff.
Earlier today, the sixtieth anniversary of the Queen’s accession was heralded in London by a 41 gun royal salute fired by the King's Troop Royal Horse Artillery in Hyde Park, closely followed by a 62 gun royal salute fired by the Honourable Artillery Company at the Tower of London.
The first thing I noticed was that there was a pile of used toilet paper on the edge of the bowl inside. I waved at it. Well, I waved at the toilet in general, as it is a motion detection type of toilet and I was trying to get it to flush.
Added this week:
However, that’s not what a degree is, especially today. If you merely invest $120,000 on a degree from the other end of the NACE spectrum, say Chemical Engineering, and complete the requirements for that degree, you may have more opportunities after graduation than your classmate that did the same but earned a degree in Agriculture. However, you won’t have nearly the opportunities of a person in any degree program who invested not only his or her money, but other assets such as time (building experiences in focused internships, employment and volunteerism) and relationships (what we call “networking” these days).
71. Granted: I am an inmate of a mental hospital; my keeper is watching me, he never lets me out of his sight; there's a peephole in the door, and my keeper's eye is the shade of brown that can never see through a blue-eyed type like me. —GŸnter Grass, The Tin Drum (1959; trans. Ralph Manheim)
Windows Vista and server 2008
UPDATE: June, 2010.
The pattern was fairly simple to follow, starting with 3 bead in the centre of the elastic then a fourth bead threaded on with the ends of the elastic crossing over through the bead, when you pulled the bead down to meet the first three the pattern began to show immediately. 2 more beads one on each end of the thread, another cross over bead and repeat until you have a strip of beading long enough to go around you wrist. The first layer was then complete.
Once last time the maiden is placed in a room, this time vast, with towering bales. As she wallows there, alone in her despair, the little man returns. This time she has nothing to offer him. He asks for her firstborn and the maiden agrees – thoughts of children are far from her mind. All turns out well, then, for a while. The delighted king offers his hand in marriage (the girl is of low birth but she is attractive, and she has made him rich beyond imagining). It is only later, long after the wedding festivities have concluded, that the young queen gives birth to her first child. And the little man returns to claim what is his.
I loved the answer, and it was one of many things I heard from Golia that afternoon. Another gem was in relation to the people complaining about public art. “There's a difference,” Golia said,” between public art and art in public.” He was exactly right. Every obscure billboard you see with an artist's work on it, every lame sculpture propped up in a park -- this is art in public and not public art. The art is made for somewhere else (galleries, museums), and its current location doesn't matter and neither does the public.
Police station commander, director Andre Wiese of the Lyttelton police station, said at that time that the citizen's policing-forum members who went into hot pursuit in cooperation with the police patrols, have probably saved the lives of many. He praised them for their courage.
Lurking in the shadows is my need to work. Like many accounting professors, I didn’t get started until my late 30s. My savings aren’t where they need to be to provide a desirable retirement lifestyle. Professors who share my circumstances often joke about dying in the saddle.
I've never made burgers from scratch at home either as I'm a little intimidated in the process of making the burger patties. But when my brother-in-law made this awesome burger for New year 2011, I realized its not that intimidating and actually its quite fun to make burgers. He really made it with lot of passion giving attention to even minor ingredients and it was all worth it. It came out awesome and was a big hit in our party. The specialty is the unique stuffing insie the patties. It turned out to be very flavorful with a soft and juicy texture. Thanks to him for this delicious recipe! He mentioned that this recipe is a combination of two recipes, the “Inside Out Burger” and the “Jalapeno sliders” from Food Network's website and modified to give an Indian twist.
WSC Matches- 14, Runs- 1415, Avg- 56.60, 100s- 5, High- 246*
Running Time- 92 minutes (“R”)
3. It's Complicated
Visit HYLIAN REHABILITATION CLINIC!
Remark… I enjoyed this story because I live in books like him. I wonder there are people like Ella, and that is sad thing. But someday, people like them will be salvaged! I felt happy the end of the story.
2A) Jumping Jacks
The story is about a very pregnant Vidya Bagchi looking for her very missing husband Arnab Bagchi in Kolkatta. Arnab who has left Vidya at London for a 2 week assignment in Kolkotta goes missing, missing and how. There is no trace of the man anywhere, but the very trusting wife believes that he is in trouble and searches for him earnestly. Has Arnab cheated and impregnated Vidya and left her? Does he even exist? Will Vidya be able to find her husband? Watch the movie to experience it all along with Bidya oops Vidya.
Part-time Travel Trainer – 32 hours a week over 4 days on a term time basis (one off requirement to work up to 2 weeks flexible working during August 12 for project start up).
“Lets stop fooling around and give me the hostages so we can get this over with,” said Johan firmly.
Most Mondays I am just dragging and wishing it was Friday already. Not that I don't wish it was Friday but I got some good sleep last night thanks to Logan for sleeping 6 hours through, so I actually feel pretty good for a Monday. The weekend flew by as usual but I still managed to get a few things accomplished and will be showing you the finished products this week. Today I am showing a 1st birthday invitation for a good friends daughter. I can't believe Gracie is going to be ONE already! Time really does fly by with the little ones. This is going to be a fall themed birthday party that includes pumpkin decorating and a hay ride for the kids. How fun! Hope you like it.
① Seomjingang River Train Town
The convention experience, I've got to say, is an exhausting experience. Managing to arrive at Witt at the ripe hour of 9am, we were pretty wiped from the start. Luckily for us, the Wittenberg Commons (or, Post 95, for you young whippersnappers!) was well equipped with enough caffeine to keep me going throughout the day!
This must stop. The ritual must turn back into substance, and there must be real control over the annual budget. The politicians cannot be trusted to discharge this duty. They have their fingers in the till and a vested interest in maintaining high levels of expenditure. The power must go to the people who pay the bills - us.
One year ago in April, I moved into this apartment. It was a necessary move, what with my shoulder being trashed and finances having swirled down the drain because of being off work and having the Workers Comp Board deny my claim. (A pox on them!, I say. But it has been sent in to the Review Panel so hopefully they will change their tune and allow my claim... which, if they do, would mean they owe me a good sized chunk of change.) The house was sold and I became an apartment dweller for the first time in about 20+ years.
Thriving in crusts of broken tolls
And yeah, okay, I love this bag too. I technically did not need the pretty bag above (did I mention how pretty it is?). This bag would have served us perfectly on its own. It did not need backup in the slightest. It's crazy high quality (like, the highest quality diaper bag I've ever seen), looks cool, and can easily be used after the kid is out of diapers. My brother wants one for his discs when he plays the sport of stoners everywhere - disc golf. Or "frolf," as he calls it, which I hate because it sounds like some species out of "The Lord of the Rings." The strap is insanely comfortable to wear. Plus, the two side insulated bottle pockets are large enough to hold a bottle of wine. MOMMY NEEDS HER WINE. And, importantly, it's very guy-friendly. I couldn't imagine asking my husband to carry around a girly printed bag or a bag that looks like a purse. My only complaints would be that there should be a pocket on the flap of the messenger one (wasted space!) and there's a sort of weird divider in the inside that's kind of adjustable but kind of not. Neither of those things are deal breakers and I know they're coming out with versions 2.0 in the fall (cause the founder and I are tight like sistahs) (read: I messaged her on Facebook) and I have a feeling those issues are going to be addressed. You can get it on Amazon for slightly cheaper than their site, but even better it often pops up on those deal sites like Gilt or Zulily, so watch there. That's why it pays to start stocking up on baby stuff early. SAVE YOURSELF SOME CASH (see: vacation above). And yeah, okay, you can also save some cash by not buying two diaper bags. Sigh again.
Combine the onion mixture with the tomato, artichokes, thyme, nutmeg and pepper. Add salt if necessary. My prosciutto was on the salty side, so I didn't use any additional salt.
Last week Thursday, bf won the raffle at Muckleshoot Casino in Auburn, Washington! There must have been over a couple thousand raffle tickets in the bin! It was a really fun day for both of us. He ended up winning $450 cash. My parents were so excited when they heard the news. lol They're really into casino raffles. Haha, my Mom called me randomly during the work day to remind me to remind bf to buy Mega Millions lottery tickets because he's on a lucky strike!
But nothing I do seems to please.
It is also mom’s birthday and we are going to celebrate with with chocolate sauce on chocolate ice cream, her favorite. A perfect tribute. The right thing to do.
P.S. I am going to pick up my husband's race packet tomorrow in Galveston
I filled in The silence with forced levity
Hopping 400m around Hampstead Heath Athletics Track on a Saturday morning seemed like a pretty daft idea but this was a chance to a) meet Michael Palin and b) do something totally random I’ll probably never do again so I was in, and so was Kat. And after all it was only a 20 minute walk up the road.
It’s either nothing or in between; what ever happened to having it all? I’m just a simple gal with a few simple needs (excluding my shoe collection); looking to replenish my cashmere stocks. Someone please give me a heads up and while you’re at it, tell me what month we’re in.
Where, as it once were wont, to the sock drawer I'd stumble
“Charge them that are rich in this world, that they be not nigh minded, nor trust in uncertain riches, but in the living God, who giveth us richly all things to enjoy: that they do good, that they be rich in good works, ready to distribute, willing to communicate; laying up for themselves a good foundation against the time to come, that they may lay hold on eternal life.”
Home schoolers free to teach own views on gays or abortion, Alberta government says
Marital Status: Single
This is a theoretically "big" beer from a Petaluma, CA brewer who probably deserve a bit more respect than they typically get - they've earned mine in spades on the basis of beers like IMPERIAL RED, MAXIMUS, their PILS, etc.. I'm not convinced respect is necessarily earned on this one, however. LAGUNITAS BROWN SHUGGA is nearly 10% in alcohol, and fits into no true discernable style. "Strong ale" is what these boys are going for, and in terms of approachability and drinkability, they've done very well for themselves.
So Zak finishes the season with the 6th place Orioles, bats a lean .255 and fields his position with a .905 percentage, right about in the middle of the league. Not bad for a rookie who never played the position before. In normal times, it would be a tough call to say whether or not his first season at Tarboro was good enough to keep him in professional baseball, but these were not normal times. During the off season the Japs attacked Pearl Harbor and the country was thrust into a two-front war. Any able-bodied men who didn't rush to volunteer were being scooped up by the draft and baseball at all levels was being affected. It was a time when men like Frankie Zak got their chance at baseball immortality.
Now, as for Averil's dilemma. Well, that's something all together perplexing. Pardon my hyperbole, but she's the best damn erotica-thriller writer I've read. Her prose, hot and tense in the it leaves good welts realm of superb, borders on the poetic. The hell with a bio. Her writing will speak for itself. Of course she has a fabulous imagination, but I suspect, like any writer, you can see shades of who Averil is by reading her.
It all focussed upon imagined constituencies. My kremlinology is a bit rusty on this, but I think that the squeezed middle =Brownites, Middle England = Blairites and traditional working class = Blue Labour and so on?
I do have blog candy for you, just leave me a comment with a way for me to contact you. You don't have to be a follower, but if you like what you see please follow me!
Hope you al are doing fine and that you have everything almoust done for that big, wonderful christmas party!
I make cards as I did scrapbooking, my image is my main point. Right now I'm just using my Copics. I did try watercoloring it is something I'd like to try again.
In winter, she’d extol the virtues of eating a bowl of porridge before school. She’d also ensure that our footwear was appropriate to the weather. "Where are your boots?", she’d ask, sternly. When one boy admitted that his family couldn’t afford any, she bought him a pair, herself. "Now, you look after them.", she said. During cold season, Monday mornings we’d each find on our desks, a cod liver oil capsule and a lemon throat lozenge. I still remember the rows of children grimacing as they struggled to force down that pungent pill, and the fishy, oily after-taste, followed by the cleansing lemon.
Angela was in India recently to attend the annual conference of the International Foundation of Fashion Technology Institutes (IFFTI) hosted in Jaipur by Pearl Academy of Fashion. Creative Director of Missoni’s women’s collections and co-owner of the company, Angela belongs to the second generation of the family that set up what’s probably Italy’s oldest fashion house. Missoni was set up in 1953 by her parents Ottavio and Rosita. There are a few companies that are older — Prada for instance — but as Angela points out, no one in Italy has exclusively, continuously, been in the realm of clothing for as long as Missoni, that too while maintaining the company as a complete family-run business. (While Angela heads women’s wear, brothers Vittorio and Luca are in charge of marketing and knitwear research respectively, besides being co-owners in the company.)
It just might be one of my favorite
I had some dandy English teachers in college. I had one who spit when he talked, so I tried to sit in the back in his class. I had one who spoke so softly I had to sit in front and still strain to hear. I had one who invited us all to his farm for the winter and summer solstice. He sat on his desk, swinging his feet, clad in dirty shit-stomping boots, smoking a pipe. I think he was high a lot. And I had one who scared the hell out of me. I don’t know why. But, he was a great English teacher and he loved poetry.
These are not the result of college degrees, career tracks, promotions or networking. They are not measured by Forbes or The Economist. They are measured by the only one who really matters in the end. And when He calls me home, maybe sooner, maybe later, I want him to tell me I lived up to my potential.
I've had that picture of my brother and I on my fridge for some time now and I've been wanting to make something sweet and delicious using Coke, when the people at Coca-Cola contacted me and asked if I'd like to make a recipe using the beverage. It just seemed like perfect timing and I couldn't wait to get started. I had so much fun with these cupcakes and photographing all the shiny red accompaniments- from the can to the cherries that topped the mounds of whipped cream on top of the cupcakes. Fun, I tell you!
I started to crop this photo trying to find the best composition,
“Progressive personally” is the description #1;
When I came back that evening to get the horses back inside I learned that she had jumped over the electric fence and ventured into the private garden of the owner of the place. That was not a popular idea.
So and so did this, so and so did that … so and so did this with so and so … It is a wonder hockey can be played in the background and the panel on L’Anti Chambre are aware!
In terms of exercise, it was pointed out to me yesterday that I don’t mention it much. That’s because I’m inherently lazy and I have done nothing more so far than a bit of extra walking and a bike ride. I did intend giving Pilates a go today but I don’t see the point now. I normally work so I wouldn’t be able to try it unless, like today, I’m having a day off. I’m left wondering how on earth I will find the time to fit this in …
Only a sister can be the kind of friend who really knows you,
Life is full of learning. Hopefully we as adults strive to learn something new everyday. I know I do, and that helps to not only fill up my knowledge tank but makes me feel alive. I'm constantly teasing Matthew that he is full of useless knowledge.... but I will say, every time he opens his mouth I learn something new.
British nationalists, which is somethiing I now accept that I am, are routinely accused of hating different cultures and wishing to destroy them, nothing could be further from the truth, we are the ones who passionately want to see different cultures preserved, however, our crime is that we also want to preserve our own unique and beautiful culture.
What we can do is to solve this underlying debt and deficit problem for a long period of time so that then we can get back to having a conversation about, all right, since we now have solved this problem, that’s not — no longer what’s hampering economic growth, that’s not feeding business and uncertainty, everybody feels that the ground is stable under our feet, are there some strategies that we could pursue that would really focus on some targeted job growth — infrastructure being a primary example.
B. Discussion: group analysis of found narratives, those we find in ourselves, & those we find around us.
34. Kind of excited....well....I don't know if that's the word I want to use, but anyways..we are getting family portraits done by Brandi for the 1st time since Haley's been gone. That part makes me sad, but she has some fantastic way to incoorporate Hay Hay into these. That's the part I am excited about!
insisted there and then
Things begin to change
Cook the beet for about 25-30 minutes for firm. Cool for 20 minutes. Cut into julienne strips.
If you haven't guessed by now, its TV Rant Week on DHTISH.
What this has meant is that my caseload is rather too big, and I wasn't able to review all my patients last week. This is fine, because if there had been any cause for concern, the ward staff would have bleeped me or called the office, which they actually did once or twice. New referrals kept coming in, and those patients have to come first.
Spoon about 1 cup of the mousse into the bowl, then place the smallest of the cake rounds over the mousse and press it down gently so that it spreads the mousse. Spoon one third of the coffee evenly over the cake.
Tracy: "No. I'm not."
a. illegal
Consider your own story, how you arrived
And this is all before the book was even available for purchase and download! To say I'm both humbled and overwhelmed would be a Texas-sized understatment, if such an oxymoron is even possible. But this is simply another indication of how tight the gun-owner community is. We take care of our own--as A Girl And Her Gun point out in her post--and we take care of those who take care of us and who do not demean us.
Vampire’s Quest “Beloved gay vampire lovers Xavier and Thomas return…” So, it’s a sequel. And it’s about gay vampires. What’s up with the undead being all sexual lately? I miss when vampires just drank blood and acted all angsty. I hope I don’t have to actually read the first one to understand the plot.
Rant over.....for now.......
The “House of Walker Experience” had a much larger drink selection prior to the main tasting. When we first entered, the Johnnie Walker girls provided us with a choice of three cocktails: Johnnie Walker Red Label and ginger ale, Johnnie Walker Black Label Old Fashioned with sugar cube and a dash of Angostura bitters, and Johnnie Walker Black Label served on the rocks. It was difficult to choose just one, but with the exception of Johnnie Walker Black Label Old Fashioned, they were all available to us in the private tasting afterwards. Golda tried Black Old Fashioned, and I picked Red with ginger ale. Both have a citrus taste, but if you want something sweet, choose the Old Fashioned because the Red with ginger ale is more sour. The Johnnie Walker event also had a variety of food to match their choices of cocktails.
And give me boldness and opportunities
The sale of mortgages into the trusts that pool loans may be void if banks didn’t follow strict requirements for such transfers, Biden said in a lawsuit filed last year over a national mortgage database used by banks. The requirements for transferring documents were “frequently not complied with” and likely led to the failure to properly transfer loans “on a large scale,” Biden said in the complaint.
Every chapter should have its own plot, none more important than Chapter One. Use what you know about storytelling to:
wouldn’t
A bit of me would like everyone, everywhere, to hear all of it, at all hours. But that's a child's wish. Everyone everywhere doesn't want to hear it, urethral sphincters and all.
ahaṅkāra itīyaṁ me
Mat Zain also questioned how a balanced and fair outcome of any of the panels or RCIs could be expected when the person making the final decision of the effort, is himself a subject of a tribunal or one who should have been charged for several serious criminal offences.
While Khantara is overseeing the construction of the outpost, he finds a strange Thellisian woman. He notices that she bears a brand on her neck and is ill-treated or disregarded by her people. After a short meeting with her, he discovers that she is one of the Marked, a lower cast of Thellisians deemed unfit for education who may only be sold as slaves or adopted as indentured spouses. Feeling that such a life is cruel for the forthcoming woman, Khantara frees her and places her under his care. He shows Anelta the Haanta way of life, and they, against Haanta warrior cast regulation, fall in love.
5 large eggs
6 Lonesome Day
I often joke that our chicken tractor is really a chicken playpen, a safe place for my girls to play without getting hurt or hurting something else. I can place the tractor in empty areas of the garden, and the chickens will weed it, till it, and fertilize it. The smaller mesh of the bird netting keeps the girls from eating nearby plants, and the top mesh keeps the neighborhood hawks from swooping in and carrying off my hens.
James Lynch
“Don’t be silly! We know who you are! Just because you cut your hair doesn’t mean we don’t know you!”
Friday - Casual day at work - but missed a picture
I set Seja down on the floor with some kix cereal. I knew that they would end up all over the floor and yet I let her do it. She did pick about half of them back up, the other half the dog came in and ate.
The leak should mean nothing -
lingering within - I should let my eyes stay shut
Robocop
This was the first movie I saw after being out of the country for two years on a church mission and not seeing any movies at all during that time. The Excellent Adventure was such a strange, hilarious delight that I was giddy with anticipation at seeing the sequel. Unfortunately, Bogus Journey is an insipid, dull, and worst of all, unfunny movie. And I don't even have words to convey my revulsion for the ugly, ill-advised idea that is Station, the technologically savvy alien from heaven.
We had a cat for several years when Chelsea was a baby named Lulu. She literally appeared on our doorstep one day. We tried to ignore her, but Chelsea instantly fell in love with her. She played with Lulu every chance she could go outside. As a matter of fact, one morning we woke up about 6 am by hearing Chelsea coming back inside the house from playing with her. (Needless to say, keyed dead-bolts were installed that day!) Since Chelsea loved her so much, we decided to keep her, but keep her outside. She ended up being the best pet we've ever had. She was fiercely protective of Chelsea and would attack anyone or anything she thought was trying to mess with her.
Choice Publishing utilise print on demand digital technology to publish their books and they make it clear from the offset that sales and distribution are focussed through on line availability and sales. They have their own on line bookstore and take orders directly through their offices. I have been aware of Choice Publishing for the past two years and have seen them steadily grow to a point where they can boast a larger catalogue than similarly sized UK companies. They do not advertise books on their main welcome page, but give plenty of space to new releases and forthcoming titles on their bookstore pages. Curiously, though, their main page features ad-banners for other author solution service companies!
This card is my last Christmas one for the year but I’m sure I will make Christmas cards throughout the next year so that I have a plenty of them to send! I stamped Do Not Open (8819-H) , Snowflake Solid large (8912-I) and Snowflake Solid small (8914-E) on each circle mat. After I attached those circles the way I wanted to, I simply embellished pearls on the card.
The recipe calls for pears or she says you can use apples. I didn't have any pears - had an apple. I tried one bite with the apple, but enjoyed it much more without any fruit. I couldn't stop refilling my plate!
I recommend Violet in Bloom to people who have girl drama. What I liked best about Lauren Myracle is that she wants to encourage kids to stop bullying each other! Something else I liked was Camilla's crush, aka Max, has an "I Read Banned Books" shirt.
In this example, the board responsibly sought community input through the ACC which afforded any interested person an avenue to express their opinion. The ACC participants voted and the majority recommendation was achieved.
And this is the breakthrough for me. When I was in the midst of it, feeling confused and miserable and helpless, I couldn’t see any path forward except to put my head down, hope to avoid my bosses wrath, and prepare to look for a new job. At the same time my self confidence was so low from being told all the time that I was doing everything wrong and that noone liked me (and without any positive references from my boss and nothing to show that felt like an “achievement” from this job) I didn’t think I’d be able to get another job as good as this one. I felt lost.
And I know that a lot of people think that a war is justified if for the right reasons. But what are the right reasons? In the game Metal Gear Solid 4 Guns of the Patriots this lovely thing was said:
It was an inspiration and a joy to watch her child like enthusiasm. She had always dreamed of traveling around the globe.
Upcoming/no progress:
Our discussion this morning in the Rethink Church group that I lead was focused on this topic:
As you already know, I try to give our images a name- mainly so that it's easier for me to identify and remember. It also gives me a chance to name them after friends and family or just names that I like. Kenichi is the name of one of our friend's sons who is still a toddler. Kenichi looks like a young boy, so I thought it matched him.
She said of the Orange shortlisting: 'It’s a lovely validation and a great fillip for the book. Publishing is very nervous at the moment; literary fiction is on the back foot and anything that stirs the mix again and gets books out there into the public arena is good by me.' Hear hear.
Standing in the candy aisle at Wal-Mart, I gave her the short, skinny version. And you know what? She understood. She totally got the picture of what happened to us. And she told me that she would pray for us.
Just for fun, see if you can involve all five senses AND include these random words: "synbatec," "wastopaneer," and "tacise." (NB. these words are completely made up and are not intended to have any meaning other than the one you give them).
Looking for smelly and crowded subways like those found in Moscow, London and Paris? You can find those in New York City and you don’t even need a passport.
My kitchen spent some time like this:
The emotions soar.
On December 31st, 2011, while everyone was busy ringing in the New Year, Barack Obama quietly signed into law a piece of legislation far more draconian than anything offered up by the Bush administration. The National Defense Authorization Act of 2012, which outlined the budget for U.S. defense expenditures at home and abroad, includes a notable section (1021) under the heading of “Counterterrorism” which allows for the indefinite detention of American citizens suspected of aiding and abetting terrorist activities, without trial.
Black Friday: Don’t Buy Your Sweater Off the Back of the Poor (Nov. 24): Every holiday season I become more disgusted at the reprehensible “special sales” that start at 4:00 a.m. (or earlier). What horrific consumerism and abuse of workers! Last Thanksgiving I had a platform to voice my dismay in this post.
By the time he arrived, the complainant had caught and handcuffed the two suspects.
Wow! I am living in the Will of God in every moment! I realize now that I do not have to control or force my destiny or my choices into a certain mold because I can never be out of the will, the blessing of God.
But this story is also Biblical. The book of Exodus ends with Joseph charging his family to carry his bones back to Canaan for burial. He knew the promise made to Abraham (his great-grandfather), Isaac (his grandfather) and Jacob (his father). That promise was that the land in which the Patriarchs wandered as nomads would become the home of their descendants. And when Canaan became home for Israel, Joseph wanted to be buried at home. Joseph trusted the promise of God, and he wanted in on that promise. When Moses led the children of Israel out of Egypt, one of the final preparations made was to collect that old bag of bones--
Mr. GI climbed on top of our quite sturdy dining room table with his laser level to make sure we were hanging the chandelier correctly. (More details about building and loving our table here and here.) Using the laser line, he placed three drywall anchors and eye screws in the sloped dining room ceiling.
In the meantime, I am excited to announce that I now have a shop, but it is not an unbakery. Instead, I found a simpler way to sell my shirts.
Jason would like for the grooming, groping, manipulation and lies of his daughter, and the stress that his wife has been endured to receive restitution by way of a criminal conviction for grooming (which is in alignment with my petition and bill), and for him to spend time behind bars.
Here's what I didn't do....
From. Another. Total. Stranger.
We also meet the hero of book 3 briefly in this book and I do want his story too, especially if the book is as good as this one was. At times I could not put it down because I felt for Dai and there are things going on too, that I cannot mention. All making it exciting at times.
When I first met Yoda, one of the first few things he asked me was “How do you work best?” I didn’t think much of this question so I blurted out the first thing that came to my mind, “I work best under pressure” Bunuh diri kan? Little did I know that this simple answer would affect the way I was going to be supervised in the future.
So the Pharisees and Lawyers were quite right: Who alone can forgive but God? Or, Who alone will forgive but God? Maybe Jesus made this announcement about the man’s sins publicly for just that reason. Maybe was inviting others to see forgiveness for what it was: Grace. The man had done nothingto merit forgiveness. Grace is God’s prerogative and He shows it to whomever He desires. Dare we have the courage to publicly proclaim God’s message of Grace for all to hear?
According to Ozymandias, Bill Foxton had won an award from the SAS:
But why is it so hard to gather the facts? Why is any whisper of a detail akin to snitching? . . . Does President Brodhead dare to confront the culture behind the lacrosse team’s code of silence or would he fear being ridiculed as a snitch?
I loved Conner! For those of you who are familiar with the Harmless series, I never thought a guy could come close to Evan, but Conner is definitely high up there! Jillian describes him as "quiet, domineering and gorgeous". What girl wouldn't be attracted that? I also really liked Jillian's character. I felt bad for her because of all of her family drama, but she was a good person who deserved so much happiness.
This next one is my Totally Papercrafts card and this week our theme is..
When it's cooked, that chicken will just fall apart. It might need a smidge of help from you and a fork. But it's rather effortless.
From Goodreads: First published in 1955, A Night to Remember remains a completely riveting account of the Titanic's fatal collision and the behavior of the passengers and crew, both noble and ignominious. Some sacrificed their lives, while others fought like animals for their own survival. Wives beseeched husbands to join them in lifeboats; gentlemen went taut-lipped to their deaths in full evening dress; and hundreds of steerage passengers, trapped below decks, sought help in vain.
New Belgium Brewing Inc. Lips Of Faith Transatlantique Kriek
The next presenter is Karen, the other active Sales Associate in our office. The shift in presentational mannerisms should come as a shock. In fact, between Karen, Greg, and myself, the one take away I assume our audience will have is that there isn’t any one way to carry yourself. Style is something that has to be figured out on your own.
Charming ever so skillfully.
Bye for now,
- 1/4 cup + 2 tbsp oil
i'm reluctant to say this crazy sentimental-ness can affect my horror movie toughness. So I thought I would just come clean and discuss a few horror flicks that cause me to bring out the tissues. I'll try not to cry...
So. It has been a rough few months, by few I mean since September. We have been challenged in all sorts of ways, whether it was work, school, church, moving, or whatever...it has been jam packed. On May 4th...all that stuff seemed to float away as we travelled for like 15+ hours to Hawaii for a grand vacation.
Everything is the same. We're talking about starting up on some of the bigger projects (ceiling in back room, finishing the other 2 bedrooms upstairs etc). It's been two months since I've done any big projects, a bit longer than that for Yen. I suppose it's time to get back at it. I am pretty tired of doing all this stuff and would like it to just be DONE.
NY Daily News/IANS/EFE, 05/07/2012
DO NOT BE A CREDIT HUNTER! To many inquiries can harm your credit. Shopping at all the department stores and applying for their cards to save 10%, can come back to haunt you. Try and keep your credit inquiries down to 1 per quarter, if you need to do them. When applying for a mortgage with a mortgage broker, we pull your credit report once, and can shop it to over 40 different lenders with that one inquiry.
I have to literally will myself out of feeling sorry, back to acknowledging my anger, and finally, take some sort of action in order to resolve the situation.
Investigating Cells
Since my office is literally minutes away from Ramen Jinya, I didn't want to take up stomach space when I have such easy access any day of the week. However, its rich, nuanced Tonkotsu broth lured me in, and after Designer Cyclist and hubby headed home, I snuck back to end the show with just one more bite (and sip), hard won through sheer force of willpower (my jeans were seriously in danger of splitting at that point). It was well worth it, and a nice belly-warming finish to an amazing experience.
In The Soldier’s Wife, Trollope’s sixteenth novel, Alexa Riley is stuck. Her daughter from a previous marriage is living miserably at boarding school, her three year old twins are a constant challenge, and she has been offered a wonderful job that she absolutely cannot take. She is married to Dan, an Army major, and being married to an army major really means being married to the Army. The Army dictates where they live, the Army dictates when they move, and the Army dictates that she may never build a career for herself because it makes her life too unstable. Furthermore, Dan has just returned from a six month tour of Afghanistan, but emotionally, has not yet come home. Alexa loves her husband, but the Army has trapped her into a lonely and unfulfilling life.
After the Image is drawn on Freezer/Waxpaper (shiny side down)
This evening I watched Natalie and Katie make brownies with their Daddy in the kitchen. He even let them crack the egg, something I'm always hesitant to do. He helped Katie stir to make sure she mixed it all up good.
Where was I? Ah yes, the gentleman wearing a Scram. I'll call him Mr. Smith. So his bond was revoked and he was put back in jail when his Scram showed he'd been drinking just before Christmas. He told his lawyer (a young man I checked with today, and who was too modest to allow me to use his name, so I'll call him Mr. Jones*) that he'd not been drinking. Insisted, in fact, that he'd not been drinking. So, doing his duty, Mr. Jones went before the judge and tried to explain that there'd been a mistake. So the judge, wanting to be fair, had the people responsible for the Scram come into court.
My week seemed to fly by! I feel like since moving the weeks seem to pass with the blink of an eye! I guess that means I am just enjoying my life and the city! They say time flies when your having fun !
And if ever there was a time when we need to be clear
Last night we heard Thomas Schreiner for the plenary session, today after lunch it is Frank Theilman, and tomorrow morning we get N. T. Wright and a panel discussion. I plan to make a few comments about each plenary session.
…no-no, I didn’t take off all my clothes…although I wanted to! You see, heat and clothes are enemies in my world…but for the sake of decency, I thought I’d put appropriate gear on!
3) Enterprise Resources Planning (ERP)
I, for one, can no longer sit idly by, watching abuse heaped upon these poor stepchildren of the confectionary world. So I'm doing something about it.
He maketh me to lie down in green pastures: He leadeth me beside the still waters.
TOOLS....you NEED these
In school we learned about slavery in his-story class. According to his story, slavery looked like this:
4. It takes time.
Dim street lights
Right, I suppose I out to get cracking. Now where the bloody hell do I start!
07 Changes
Recently, I had a dream which drove me to awaken with sweats and untoward tingling sensations I very seldom get from dreams. The images laid upon my mind were confusing, but reminded me of a childhood tale I chose to block out of my mind later in life. The story in question was that of Bluebeard by Charles Perrault. The narrative itself, is said to be loosely inspired by Gilles de Rais, one of the world’s most infamous serial killers. Why, I cannot rightly tell you. De Rais was a serial killer who picked on small children (if the crimes attributed to him were, in fact, heinous acts of his doing) in an effort to gain a fortune from a demon. The Bluebeard of the Perrault tale, on the other hand, has motives that seem uncertain. Unless, of course, you think like a sadist, as I will prove in a moment.
I am definitely a work in progress – and I will probably always be working toward a new goal. I’m okay with that – because having goals is what keeps me working hard. Not that I believe you should never be happy with yourself – but you should always be finding ways to improve; I don’t believe that work is ever finished.
Mario & Luigi – Partners in Time (DS)
He said that yes, he was fine, and then she asked, “Where is your mom?”
Here's how the schedule will go
Why “The Sandwich” you ask? See if you can see the sandwich pattern in the list below:
As a quick update the two new swarm hives appear to be making it. So far. Just in case you're interested :)
“She was going to fuck us over!” Bitch shouted.
My mother passed away 23 years ago today. I was 16, and it was horrible for a long time, but it's OK now. Really it is. I will always miss her terribly, but I'm good. Even after something really awful happens, things work out and the universe has a way of righting itself. Trust me on this one.
I also enjoyed the honest exploration of what may go through a man’s head when tied to a chair, and there were some good one liners in there, for example “John would watch with a combination of humor and anticipation, just waiting for that Kodak moment.” I also loved the juxtaposition at the start, it begins with the suggestion that everything is normal, but then Cargill snaps the reader back, and we realize that it is not in fact an ordinary day, and that this man is in a life threatening situation.
Half Full Pale Ale
to store away the deck furniture,
I bought some cute scroll brackets at the hardware store. They were originally a bronzy color but I spray-painted them the same gold color as the legs on my IKEA trestle desk.
It’s no secret that a large proportion of Scala programmers originate from the Java developer community. I’ve been writing Java code since the late 90′s and have recently starting doing some dev work in Scala. Since I fall squarely within the target audience for Scala I’ve decided to share my experiences and impressions using Scala from a Java programmer’s perspective. Overall I’m very impressed by Scala and plan to use it more, but do have plenty of constructive criticism which I provide at the end of this blog post.
Grandma had a brilliant day last Saturday. The day was filled with energy and new ideas. Alice, Grandma, and I browsed through a quilting magazine and Grandma picked out a quilt with a basket square on it. She would like to make one for each of the boys (Robbie, Charlie, and Henry) and thinks that muslin, blue, and green fabric would be best for it. It was fun to plan the quilt and think about the boys.
10ml bottlegreen Elderflower Cordial
Sec. 15. The State shall protect and promote the right to health of the people and instill health consciousness among them.
People mix and mingle and always have. There are no hard and fast lines around groups of people and who they worship. People borrowed gods and goddesses left and right. Sometimes the same god or goddess probably showed up in more than one place to start out with.
Christ said, “Many are called, but few are chosen.” The chosen have heard and understood the call from the divine assembly.” (Abdu’l-Baha, Divine Philosophy, p. 58)
and reaches for the tool
C. federal aid for internal improvements.
PANDAS ARE INSIGHTFUL!!
It’s not some special way you walk
In my rattled brain, I have divided my procrastination into two events: Medical Stuff, and Everything Else. The Medical Stuff is the easier category to rationalize. The kind folks in my office gave me two maternity leaves in 11 months, and therefore I have tried to keep all other absences to an absolute minimum. This work ethic guilt has made it tough to schedule any other doctor appointments, even though I’m well overdue for the following.
But maybe I’m the wrong person to listen to, as I have many problems with biopics, in particular with those that attempt to glorify artists. La vie certainly doesn’t shy away from Piaf’s alcoholism or her dependence on painkillers, but nothing is shown of her activities during WWII, and only coy nods are made at the rumors of bisexuality. The deathbed confession also irks greatly – even if it’s true, the film feels like it's grasping for unearned tears. It’s a familiar trope with biopics, one that rarely ceases to bother.
Poverty. According to UNICEF, 24,000 children die each day due to poverty. And they die quietly in some of the poorest villages on earth, far removed from the scrutiny and the conscience of the world. Being meek and weak in life makes these dying multitudes even more invisible in death.
- Article 5 states: No law enforcement official may inflict, instigate or tolerate any act of torture or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, nor may any law enforcement official invoke superior orders or exceptional circumstances such as a state of war or a threat of war, a threat to national security, internal political instability or any other public emergency as a justification of torture or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment.
I had forgotten the depth of that vibration as it resonates in my chest, suffusing my body with a deep sense of calm. I swing onto your neat little back and we take off, blowing the winter cobwebs from us both. We take in all our favourite countryside routes, getting to know the curves and contours ready for another year. You’re silent again, just for a moment, when we stop to appreciate the brand new signs of spring.
Some have bemoaned this development, as evidenced by both Fox News and MSNBC's negative reaction to Colbert's testimony. Both shamed the appearance as detrimental to the integrity of the instituion. But I have to wonder if Colbert's testimony, especially his final exchange with Congresswoman Chu, was really worse than condemning immigration reform to superficial lip service. For that matter, it is hard to argue that Lady Gaga's remarks--and her tendency to scream them into the microphone--were really more crass than representatives enabling homophobia by upholding the Don't-Ask-Don't-Tell policy.
Thank you David for giving us this insight into your work. I am one of those writers whose first ever published story appeared in a Park Publications magazine (Countryside Tales, winter 2004). I can honestly say that it marked a turning point in my life, therefore I really appreciate the value of small press magazines such as these.
By throwing dust into the air they were condemning Paul for this was a method of judgment. We see something of this in Matthew 10:14. “And whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear your words, when ye depart out of the house or city, shake the dust off your feet.” We see Paul and Barnabas doing this in Acts 13:51.
Thank you for taking the time to share my Christmas card with me.
Then we have the statements of Janet Laird, the Garbage Poobah, promising the compost plant problems would be solved in a week and full production would commence by the end of the money, and oops that was a Freudian slip.
I went back to the clinic in the evening to visit. He felt cold all over and stood very still in one corner of his box but even so he looked a lot better than that same afternoon. Sick but no more colic attacs.
Les Manley in Lost in L.A.
When (and if) Michael Selsor’s death sentence is carried out Tuesday, Oklahoma will only have enough supply of its lethal injection cocktail to execute one more inmate.
The cabinet doors have been removed and sanded, but now it's time to sand what's still attached to the walls. The basic steps are as follows:
~Be encouraged
Now, on to the SECOND part of my February Giveaway! If you are interested in getting your little hands on the prize packages below, please leave me a nice comment on THIS blog post and become a follower of my blog (if you aren't already). You have until February 28th to enter. I will draw TWO new winners on February 29th.
That was the night I realized how deep his love ran for me. That was the night, one day after the birth of our son, that our love began to really take root.
I am preparing a Bible study for our Sunday nights that will take us through the 119th Psalm. As I am reading and studying, I am amazed at how unlike the Psalmist I am. This amazement is not always the good kind, but the kind that says, “I still have a long way to go”. One verse says “I eagerly pursue your commandments” and there are times when it is all I can do to stay focused on just doing a daily reading, much less eagerly study the Bible. The passion that is lacking in my life some days is scary.
But, contrary to the accusations of the trolls that hang around my blog, I don't believe in being given something for nothing and so I have spent the last week cobbling together a big juicy carrot.
One more thing..I am opening a new etsy shop by the end of this month. We have a new blog and we would really appreciate it you can join us there as well. We will be having a giveaway within the next couple of days. Make sure you follow the blog for a chance to win.
